Nical:
* filed bug 1077301 for the gralloc cleanup, have a prototype implem that seems to work well (ImageLayers and PaintedLayers only, haven't tackled tiling yet)
* fixed my patch in bug 1073113, will land when inbound reopens
* patch for bug 1044975 (another D3D11 crash)
* looked at bug 1077306 with :gerard_majax
* closed bug 1067569 fixed by Bug 1072491 (b2g crashes)
* reviews

kats:
* put up patches for bug 1074401 and bug 1076915, which should fix the race conditions with repaint requests
* started looking at using the event regions for hit testing; need to think about it a bit more before writing code
* investigating another issue where clicks sometimes don't work, bug 1063138

mchang
* bug 1076166 - swapBuffers blocks on master but not on silk - single lock in the QC driver. takes 5ms to lock on master, 10-20 microseconds on silk
* Tested vsync timings since it diverged with Taipei teams, upgraded them to v184 flame which solved the problem.
* Tried to land vsync timings in the profiler, but tree was closed due to a mysql reboot which caused delays since Tuesday.

Bas:
* OMTC crash stats in decent shape, checking with release drivers if we're OK with a small rise
* profiling multi-threaded tiling, some bugs fixed, some minor performance improvements on tests
* 3 cores, 2.5x speedup on a contrived test case to show this off

sotaro
* Fence::merge() call reduction. Update patch. Got review
* Gonk's tile layer's ipc usage fix. Implemented a fix, Got review+.

botond
* several reviews (a few for Kats, one for an old APZ mentored bug)
* landed a fix for a bug about getting stuck in overscroll (bug 1073618)
* bug 1062483 (make it harder to get into overscroll unintentionally) got uplifted to aurora
* apz-css-transforms
* filed bugs for the components of the work and their dependencies
* came close to having a patch for stage 1, but ran into an issue with how displayports are stored/read, working it out with Timothy

jrmuizel
* Got a Chrome build working on windows
* Figured out why we were hitting the multiple render target path with angle. (We need an Angle update to fix it)
* Looked into the D3D11 angle format problems so more. Have a better idea of where we want to end up.
* Looked into D2D1.1 perf regression a bit

________________


