Nical:
* new patches for:
* Bug 1016540 (gralloc texture assertion in debug builds causing intermittent test failures)
* Bug 1044975 (D3D11 OMTC crash)
* Bug 1076825 (another D3D11 OMTC crash)
* updated https://wiki.mozilla.org/Platform/GFX/OffMainThreadCompositing (useful for the release not and it also was way out of date).
* Can't make it to the daily today (doctor).

mchang: (read only)
* bug 1077651 - Trying to find an OMTA test case that works well on silk / not as well on master
* Biggest problem is layer transaction can come right after vsync, so we composited an old frame at vsync. Master composites immediately after a layer transaction and finishes composite before next vsync, looking smoother.

Bas:
* performance with D2D1.1 that Jeff could see - can't see the difference locally, but see a lot of room for improvement
* OMTC crash tests seem to be OK, looks like we may stay on, a version ahead of the schedule (33)

botond
* reviewed kats' patch about getting all repaint requests on the same thread (bug 1074401)
* debugged and wrote a fix for a stuck-in-overscrolled bug (bug 1073250), got it reviewed
* more discussion with :tn about stage 1 of apz-css-transforms

BenWa:
* Mixed small reviews

sotaro
* Fence::merge() calls reduction was checked-in, but I was backed out because of Windows tryserver test failure.
* Did help of camera bug.

jrmuizel:
* Looking at D3D11 patch. Looked at two version with and without pref. The pref can non, the non pref has preference failure.
* Looking where the performance problem with the d3d11 stuff. Were slow at the game stuff when doing a buffer allocation. Only slow some of the time waiting, waiting on something (the present?). We'll see what is revealed there.

________________


