kats:
* mostly PTO yesterday
* Landed patches for bug 1074401, 1063138
* looked into proper hit-testing, have a good idea of what needs to be done. need to write the code and see how it works
* looking at some more scrollbar fallout (bugs hanging off 995519)
* found reliable STR for a long-standing fennec issue so put together a patch for it (bug 1030523)

BenWa:
* Working on getting the compositor show up in shutdown profiles.
* Wrapping up patches for will-change budget. Will be 3x CSS Pixel of the document' viewport

mchang:
* Have a patch that detects if a layer transaction occurs after a vsync and we skipped a frame. Looks good on a test app.
* Have a minimal silk framework that only aligns composites + touch on vsync. Going through feedback with Taipei.

Nical:
* new try pushes for OMTC-Linux, TiledDrawTarget on fennec and b2g, and a ipdl shutdown bug.
* will cleanup the gralloc cleanup
* reviews/needinfos, etc.
* how about we rename ContenClient/Host -> ClientPaintedStream (now that ThebesLayer -> PaintedLayer)
* Nope
* Will go for ClientPaintedCompositable or something like that

sotaro
* Fence::merge() reduction patch re-checked-in  was merged to  m-c
* Investigate Sudoku app's rendering problem.
* The app did very heavy canvas draw when screen becomes timeout in flame vertial mode. It caused a lot of gl calls.Then adreno driver detect too heavy load and the driver set the gl context as invalid. It seems that the sudoku app's problem. Set the bug as Tech Evangelism.

Bas:
* Working on multi-threaded stuff
* Working on a posix version so we can get it landed
* Hopes to have results soon

jrmuizel:
* Began work on ANGLE update
* Landed basic d3d11 support
* Looked at the test failures with d3d11 but my other keyed mutex patch was causing problems
* Looked some at getting kernel stacks for the profiler

bjacob:
* Texure's refactor
* TexStorage landed
* Editor built can build a level
* Shader investigation

________________


