jgilbert:
* WebGL no-alpha perf cliff from last week appears fully resolved.
* Talos numbers are about what they were before.
* SharedSurface TexClient/Host patches are green on Try.
* These also remove SurfaceStream now.
* Follow-up work would remove the ShSurf TexHost
* This will get us very close to proper e10s WebGL
* ANGLE D3D11 patch is nearly done, ready for Try again. - Bug 912196
* With the above two patches, we nearly unblock on the D3D11 perf stuff
* I need to also finish+land the patches for Acquire/Release semantics for ShSurf
* I have various general cleanup patches to land, due to my downtime waiting for Try results.
* I talked with :jmaher about WebGL needs for Mochitest manifests
* I'll be tracking the results, and hopefully reverting from our custom fail-if code.
* Talked with :bjacob about tex format patches

jgilbert-thursday:
* I'll be landing the ShSurf stuff Thursday, and we'll see if it sticks.
* D3D11 ANGLE patches are failing on Try, so I'm investigating



DanG:
* Patch reviews for jgilbert & bjacob.
* Rebasing WebGL after a few patches landed over the weekend.
* Trying to get partner app environment compiling
* Using pre-built env. and key
* Debugged emscripten setup --- delete existing ~/.emscripten!
* Trying to work out how to extra shader code from binary blob --- I don't think bjacob's idea is the whole story.
* Patching bzpost extension to not spam bugzilla for every commit with a bug id when pushing to user repo on hg.mozilla.org.



Nical:
* cleaned up the gralloc patches, perhaps a bit too much because tiling isn't working very well now, looking into it
* TiledDrawTarget is green on try for B2G (with some fuzzing)
* reviews, etc.



mchang
* Refactoring Compositor silk framework. Fixing a few kinks.



bas:
* Working in multi-threaded rasterization.
* Firing off too many settransform, moved it into the task.



Jerry
* bug 1074521 - have some visual error for notification bar
* gaia error. fixed and landed. wait for uplift to gaia 2.1
* silk refactoring for gtest case.
* reformat silk framework patch for feedback/review.



kats:
* mostly working on scrollbar issues (bug 1078316, bug 1076447) and hit testing (bug 918288)
* also dealing with new incoming bugs and such



botond:
* apz-css-transforms, stage 1 (bug 1076163)
* more discussion with :tn, worked through the issue related to storing displayports
* began implementing revised approach



sotaro
* Checked-in RemoveTextureFromCompositableAsync() fix, merged to m-c
* Help of media and webrtc bugs.



jrmuizel:
* One of the performance problems that I looked into looks like a red herring, but I was still able to get some interesting kernel stacks. The vtune lock & waits analysis was crashing Firefox
* Looked into the d2d 1.1 performance issues, I have some ideas
* I have an ANGLE update that crashes on tests and one that doesn't. I'll probably land the one that doesn't and investigate the one that does.



BenWa:
* Working on will-change budget. Going to try to land today if try is green.
* Fixes for the profiler thread patch.
* Looked at locking issues with Jeff.



________________


