botond [away until next week]:
* discussed Kats' patch for bug 1078316 (fixes to handling of scrollbars in AsyncCompManager) and reviewed it
* apz-css-transforms, stage 1 (bug 1076163)
* finished writing patch for revised approach, tested it and posted it for review
* bug 1075719 (flickering black stripes while overscrolled on Browser start page)
* helping QC debug issue on hardware composer side
* posted patch to work around issue by disabling hardware composer in the presence of a single-axis stretch transform (like the overscroll transform)





mchang
* bug 1048667 - Have a simple vsync dispatcher that works well with the compositor.
* bug 1077651 - Compositor performance data. Our composite times are down quite a bit across both OMTA / Scrolling from my manual testing when aligned with vsync.
* bug 1079993 - Talked with BenWa how we should measure compositor performance in cleopatra - Our metric should be "Did we finish compositing before the next vsync".



kats:
* continued working on scrollbar bugs - got patches up for bug 1078316 (now on inbound) and bug 1078373. found a correction for tn's patch in bug 1076447
* rebased 1043859 and 1077402 and uplifted them
* reviews, responding to bug comments etc.
* getting back to working on hit testing today, but may need to do more scrollbar stuff



BenWa:
* enabling will-change
* gpu profiling



bas:
* multithreaded tiling. Some success and some not so much. Current implementation is now always faster than now tiling but still slower than non tile. Going to fix some remaining low hanging fruits



sotaro
* Checked-in GrallocImage color conversion fix
* did help and comment media, webrtc and camera bug.
* webrtc problem seems serious. webrtc video chat on flame-kk b2gv2.1 consumes more than 95% cpu. home button almost did not work during video call.



Nical:
* Patch for bug 1079250 (B2G crash)
* Patch for bug 1064107 (windows crash)
* asked review for some reftest fuzzing in bug 1071769 to get DrawTargetTiled landed on B2G
* Gralloc textures: made some progress, although missing something. Not sure what yet.
* looked at X11 pixmap code to see what could cause the OMTC linux issue, not much progress there yet.



bjacob:
* Wrote code for the new WebGL texture format work. Wrote a comformance test that was accepted by chronos.
* Started working on 3d texture but need another day on them.



jrmuizel:
* ANGLE update should be ready to go (maybe adding an intermittent orange)
* Looked at the Android GFX code in order to have saner state management in the OpenGL compositor (removed a bunch of code as part of that)





________________


