BenWa:
* Worked on GPU profiling. Got a prototype working but, unsurprising, querying the time of each command is too costly. We're going to move the profiling support into frame buffer switches
* OMTC corrections.

kats:
* landed bug 1078373 (bounced once, then stuck) and uplifted it just in the nick of time
* back to working on bug 918288. filed bug 1082594 for an issue i ran into
* might have to deal with the odd fennec issue (there's a new topcrash in the gfx code)

Nical:
* looking at Bug 1073056
* landed bug 966284
* loads of reviews and needinfo
* looked at gralloc tiling (no code yet)

Bas:
* At TRIBE.
* MultiThreading VM build but don't have a VMWare license. Trying to get one
* Landed a patch that I was needinfo on.

mchang
* bug 1048667 - Implemented some review feedback for the simple vsync dispatcher. Out for reviews again.
* bug 1069037 - Tweaked touch resampling to filter events more aggressively due to weird timings between android input thread + main thread.
* Touch resampling + compositor aligned vsync = very smooth scrolling now. The race between main thread touch + composites produced really bad results. Dispatch touches always after a composite now.

sotaro
* Fix HwComposer's flickering black stripes.
* copybit hw's driver have a bug. Created a patch and got review+.

jrmuizel
* Tried to do a new angle update (it's failing tests)
* Have a patch on top of jgiblert's stuff for d3d11 keyedmutex (it doesn't seem to work yet)
* Investigated the angle d3d11 failure (something is going bad in the Nvidia driver after creating a large surface)

bjacob:
* 3D Texture is landed \o/. Various other texture stuff is landed. Included covered by conformance test. Discussed how to expose this.
* next: Putting it together including improvements to emcripten. Seeing how the demo runs today

________________


