BenWa:
* Refactoring nsDisplayTransform for will-change
* Tried creating an artificial testcase for slow restyle but ran into bug 560616. Looks like an artificial test case for this will be hard.

Mattwoodrow/roc
* Currently with BasicLayers we disable active scroll layers when they would require component alpha (text moving over a fixed background).
* This flattening will also disable async scrolling for those pages (APZ).
* Does anyone have opinions on which is more important? Fast async scrolling, or slow scrolling with subpixel AA

Nical:
* Windows OMTC release black screen goodness
* for Bug 1081349, we may be in the case where we have a mix of gralloc and shmem texture clients because one of the allocations failed and some fast path is skipping the upload of the shmem (not sure, try push verifying this). Or it's an invalidation tracking bug.
* gralloc cleanup about to land
* reviews
* skype doesn't seem to want me in the meeting today

kats:
* landed bug 1013612 and bug 1083398 as part of the hit-testing work. posted WIPs to bug 1083395 of what i have so far. making slow progress
* trying to get STR for bug 1083035

mchang
* bug 1048667 - Going through BenWa's review comments for vsync aligned compositor
* bug 1069037, 1083530 - Sheparding touch resampling refactoring through reviews
* Helped ehram troubleshoot a 3rd party b2g app with janky animations

sotaro
* Created a pach for ImageBridgeParent::SendFenceHandleIfPresent) crash. Already checked-in.
* Did feedback to media bugs.
* Start working for  camera preview glitch bug.

bjacob:
* Hoping to get demo to run where it get shader. Instead we're getting to the point where it uses 3D texture enough.

jrmuizel:
* Got WebGL working with keyed mutex on top of ShSurf
* Tried to land bug 1070308 (Acquire/Release semantics)
