Nical:
* Filed some bugs around OMTC windows issues
* driver issues: (meta) bug 1088034
* bullet-proof d3d11: (meta) bug 1086611
* Getting confused by where we are going with the black window bug: did we decide that falling back to D3D9 was too dangerous? If so are we taking Jeff's way to detect the d3d11 problem but just disabling both D3D9 and D3D11 or are we blacklisting?
* <- we are taking jeff's runtime detection patch and falling back to software
* We have a bug where we seem to loose the D3D9 context and fail to recreate it. Looks bad because if we fix the crash, we won't get anything on the screen.
* landed the patch with more assertions for CompositorD3D11 (inbound only, no need to uplift)
* How about we turn TextureHostD3D11 into an internally buffered texture (by copying the shared texture (as windows is doing) and using the copy as the TextureSource rather than sampling from the shared texture in the shader). This is, only when we detect that the driver has issues with direct D3D11 texturing. cf bug 1087975 <- let's evaluate that later, not keen on adding another branch, will depend on whether we want to add a D3D10 backend.
* What got the gralloc cleanup backed out was just a copy-paste error, pushed to try.
* finished reviewing sotaro's patch, started reviewing one of jgilbert's D3D11 ANGLE patches
* Why do we need repeat wrap mode in the compositor? <- buffer rotation

kats:
* put patches for bug 1083395 up for review, working through the review comments from botond
* talked to mason and trying to get caught up on silk
* some mentored bug activity (bug 1087478, bug 1058614)
* some discussion with Chris on bug 1084321 about window behaviour in gaia

mchang
* bug 1085696 - Finished up patches to move /xpwidget and /shared to /widget. Sent an email out to dev-platform, waiting on try.
* bug 1048667 - Small vsync framework reviewed. Fixing try errors.
* Talked with kats about silk

sotaro
* Implementing prototype of improving TabChild:InitRenderingState(). The prototype implementation complete, it seems basically work. I am going to look into how it work. And investigate about other implementation's possibility.
* Start doing some help of WebRTC and video playback's hw video codec contention.

BenWa:
* Landed GPU profiling
* Wrote a patch to retain the container' rendertarget. Profiles with the new GPU profiling on bug 1087530. GPU time: 9ms -> 7.5ms. Avg frames go from 20-28 to 16.6ms

Jeff & bjacob:
* 33 fire

bjacob:
* D3D11 yes/no and D2D no/yes combinations allowed but not really supported
* we make these decisions independently, and this is not good

________________


