BenWa:
* Wrote a patch to avoid needless RenderTargetSwitch, working mac
* Hit a host of problems on b2g: python 2.7.3 bug, slow distribution upgrade, build broken. Couldn't test the patch
* Worked with the RES developer to optimize his addon

kats:
* got bug 1083395 landed with bug 1088954 as a follow-up
* helping snorp understand some of the displayport code to diagnose bug 1086683
* helping rnewman with some fennec GL code (bug 1085591 and friends)
* investigating bug 1089620, will continue on bug 918288

botond:
* reviewed some updated patches for bug 1083395
* apz-css-transforms
* stage 1: patch waiting for :tn's review
* stage 2: wrote patch, tested locally, posted
* discovered and filed bug 1088984 about scroll thumb jumping position after a pinch-zoom
* investigated, posted WIP patch which doesn't work yet

mchang
* bug 1088898 - 8% Windows 7 tpaint regression from vsync framework. Unable to reproduce locally
* Refactored touch resampling patches for master
* Learning how animations work

Nical:
* an assertion I added in nightly around CompositorD3D11 is hit, investigating (bug 1089364)
* wrote a patch that add more checks
* finishing the D3D11 device removed handling patch

sotaro
* Improve TabChild::InitRenderingState(). I implemented a new way's patch. It seem better than others and seems to work on flame. But tryserver tests failed.
* Update a patch of Camera preview glitch fix. Still some tryserver test failures.
* Investigate H.264 WebRTC video freeze after starting 5min on b2g v2.1. From jesup's investigation MediaCodec's function took long time. By modifying some thread priorities MediaCodec return becomes quicker. The symptom seems better but the problem still exist. I am going to investigate about it more.

bas:
* Fought new computer, when there's load on the GPU it crashes because of the PSU. I have a plan
* Working on the d2d 1.2 bug. Agree with bjacob assesment. We switched d3d11 on hardware that wasn't using it before because it was blacklisted.

jrmuizel:
* bjacob and I were looked at the WebGL regressions. The remains of the maps failure but they're hard to understand and there's no errors. Told the maps people about it.

bjacob:
* worked with Jeff on WebGL/ANGLE bug in Firefox 33. We ( == Jeff) figured what exact ANGLE csets we needed to backport. Fixed on beta. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1088858
* Cesium is fixed by that. Google Maps... apparently not, but it is so unreliable to reproduce that I'm not sure of anything.
* Super scary QA reports over the weekend suggested that our D3D11 fix was causing new kinds of disasters, though that was unclear.
* Figured that one issue was that we were running our D3D11 test workload even when D3D11 was blacklisted. Landed patch to fix that. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1083071
* Then the stability team mentioned a specific crash signature that was new in builds with this D3D11 test workload, and that should be fixed by the above on blacklisted systems, but NOT ALL crashes are on systems that are currently blacklisted.
* Bug https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1089413
* Checking with Bas if our D3D11 test function is somehow 'dangerous’.
* Analyzing crash-stats to understand this crash and how to fix (blacklist?) it.
* Majority of crash reports on NVIDIA, but all GPU vendors affected at least some.
* All crashes are on Win 7 and 7 SP1.

________________


