kats:
* wasted most of yesterday building code and failing to get the emulator working
* made some more progress on the hit-testing stuff, should have updated patches up soon

Bas:
* fixing d2d1.1 bugs, some crashes as well

Jeff:
* Trying to reproduce 33 crashes, but no luck yet
* angle keyed mutex patch being reviewed by angle (external api change, may take longer)

Nical:
* Found a fix for the gralloc cleanup which got backed out again (still because of windows xp)
* looked at bug 1086670 (Beta top crasher in windows)
* filed some bikeshed bugs about
* error handling in Moz2D: 1090260
* deactivating component alpha when running out of memory: 
* looking for good first bugs for the bug squashing party this weekend.

mchang
* bug 1088898 - Tried a bunch of things to find the regression, bisecting on try seems to be the only way to reproduce
* Trying to find a test case that uses OMTA. Every test case I try to make sends layer transactions

sotaro
* Investigated H.264 WebRTC problem.
* Raise MediaCodec related threads priority seems not fix all problem. I compared to b2g v2.0 and v2.1. On v2.0, only 4 WebRTC related threads nice was set to -14(do not include). But on v2.1 20 threads nice(including Main thread) are set to -14. It is caused by sipcc change. It is going to be changed like v2.0 by jesup.
* There seems another problem still exist. One possibility is cpu usage. On v2.0,  cpu usage is around 95%. On v2.1, cpu usage is around 98%. Another is H.264 nal handling change caused by sipcc update.
* Nominated Fence::merge() reduction to b2g v2.1 to mitigate cpu usage during WebRTC.

BenWa:
* Rebuilt my bulldozer machine.
* Looked at how other browsers performed with various group opacity. Looked at IE more in depth with Jeff. They have an interesting approach.

________________


