botond:
* reviewed patch for mentored bug for logging checkerboarding (bug 969466)
* bug 1088984 (scroll thumb position incorrect during async zooming)
* figured out (I think) what the correct calculation is, patch upcoming
* apz-css-transforms stage 1 patch awaiting review by :tn

Bas:
* with sampling restriction, bad upload/pattern adjustment combination
* performance regression with OMTC? could be the users that are new to d3d11 skewing the results...

Nical:
* OMTC D3D11 issues - mostly AMD cards?
* crash with buffer rotation, still chasing

bjacob:
* startup crash devices for 33
* restarted with WebGL2

mchang
* bug 1088898 - Windows 7 tpaint regression, I think I found the patch that causes the regression.
* bug 1083530, 1085512 - Another round of reviews for touch resampling

sotaro
* Worked for H.264 WebRTC video disconnect bug.
* No thread priority promotion of WebRTC related threads seems mostly fixed the problem. It also seems to reduce total cpu usage from 98% to 91 %. Somehow system(kernel usage) seem to decreased.
* Created a patch for b2g v2.1 of reducing Fence::merge() calls to reduce cpu usage
* Found one another problem. When WebRTC application go to background and foreground again, receiving video freeze happens.
* Did feedback to media bugs.

David:
* WebGL2, not as far as Dan, but close
* APZ understanding for Windows, scrollbars drawing
* A lot of the code is specific to mobile

Jeff G.
* ANGLE support/hidden pref landed
* some of the omitted tests are not running
* bringing back abort on error, so that GLerrors cause immediate abort, debug to start
* core profiles coming

Dan:
* WebGL2 demo work, help from David
* emscripten with pointer checking option came through, data was out of date, bad shaders
* shader bypass cleaned up, local repo has most of this, could get it reviewable soon

Jerry:
* Bug 1078152 - try to improve the dump method for the layer's position
* Refresh driver integration for silk

BenWa:
* Looking into the HWC bug(s). Right now I think there's two. One with scaling and another one I'm seeing. I believe that one is if the HWC layer has more then one rect.

Jrmuizel:
* Landed another ANGLE update
* D3D11 should mostly work as well as D3D9 now, except for somewhat understood crash on tbpl (bug 1079400)
* Fixed a  WebGL conformance crash (bug 1090518)
* The keyed mutex stuff should be basically ready to go. The mozilla patch has an r+
* Looked again at landing my Compositor shader state patch. Turns out there are failures on OS X that I don't yet understand

________________


