kats: (last two days)
* fixed an uninitialized variable error, bug 1090220 and reftest analyzer bug 1090931
* put up second set of hit-testing patches for review on bug 1090398. discussed it a bit with mattwoodrow and roc last night, will throw together some design documentation to explain it all a bit better
* landed bug 1091128 and bug 1091049 to implement fling curving based on UX discussions
* cleaned up some APZ gtest stuff, patches in bug 1091283. will build on that to write some gtests for the new hit-testing code
* will take a little detour to fix bug 1078029 so it unblocks the fennec magnifying glass 

Nical:
* reviews
* OMTC Windows stuff, mostly going through bugs traging, etc, didn't get much code written today
* looked at a bug where layers disappear when they have certain 3d transforms, forwarded it to layout.

mchang
* bug 1083530, finished reviews on partial refactoring of the touch resampler
* bug 1088898 - Setting the last composite timestamp correctly seemed to fix the Windows 7 regression
* Looking at Jerry's refresh driver branch for silk

sotaro
* Worked for H.264 WebRTC video freeze problem.
* On latest v2.1 flame, thread priorities fix did not work. jesup tried to disable "network communication indicator" it decrease about 20% total cpu usage's decrease. On my side it also hugely decrease cpu usage and fixed the video freeze problem on laster b2g v2.1.
* Start working for one video frame copy remove in video encoding patch during WebRTC. pchang worked a bit in the past about it, but it stopped very long time.

BenWa:
* Found 2 out of 3 of the HWC composer. One is landed, the other is under review and a bit more complicated.
* I can't reproduce the scaling bug. I'm going to wait a bit for data before we do a blind fix.
* Discussion for e10s profiling support.

jrmuizel:
* OMTC problem investigations (Slow performance bug, and hang bug)
* Frobbed my ANGLE patch to be more to their liking. I'm hoping it will get in soon.
* Will probably land the Mozilla side after this meeting
* Came to a consensus on the Nvidia crash. Jgilbert says he'll write a patch
* Investigated a JS infinite loop with Kannan

________________


