kats:
* wrote up some patches for bug 1078029 and bug 1092139 to fix a fennec regression with clicking on things. should help b2g as well
* started writing gtest for bug 1090398

Bas:
* D2D1.1 with sampling restrictions landed, more bugs left with D2D1.1

botond:
* overscrolll physics improvements (bug 1066888)
* had discussion with Kats and Gordon
* implemented "bounce" for stretch effect and unified physics with overscroll portion of fling

mchang:
* Found a pure OMTA test case for silk, will use as a basis to evaluate compositor
* Reviewed Jerry's prototype refresh driver implementation
* Evaluating performance of refresh driver implementation + rest of silk

Nical:
* Looked at a shutdown crash
* looked at making sure that D2D isn't used without D3D11 compositing, a bit of a mess because of the ordering of initialization, I'd like to simplify that, wrote an email about simplifying the compositor backend story.
* looked at x11 texture client a bit (no idea how it causes our debug build to time out in reftest)
* btw, someone asked me how to get a certain transition to work on the compositor (opacity on a div with solid color for the market place loading animation)

BenWa:
* Looked at the webRTC performance. Filed several bugs for possible optimizations
* Quick fix is to have the network activity gif match the real frame rate. Long term fixes are to animate gif without building a display list (requires OMT-Gif paths)
* Wrote a script to scan gaia for gif/apng that have duplicate frames.

sotaro
* WebRTC performance. CairoImage created TextureClient for every rendering. Created a patch to recycle TextureClient. The recycler is owned by ImageClient. But it does not reduce TextureClient creation enough. ImageLayer is re-created often during "netowrk activity" blinking.

jrmuizel
* network activity perf
* landed keyed mutex stuff
* mostly figured out the WebGL maps stuff
* looked at the hang bug some more (it looks like we've turned the hang into a crash on trunk which is good (I believe the crash might be the same as bug 1089364)

________________


