Nical
* Issues with the ownership model of the surface canvas draw's into, figuring this out
* will probably need George's PTexture work
* rebasing the realock patches
* another round of texture recycling feedbacks
* new gtk dark theme patch which works and passes try (woohoo)



gw280
* Investigating Mochitest-Skia crashes and failures. Gist is that there's a framework called Autophone that makes it super easy to run automated tests on real devices. We're seeing crashes on Nexus 6p. I've ordered a Nexus 6p for the Toronto office.
* Mochitest-Skia is just a test profile to run the canvas mochitests with skia&&skiaGL preffed on
* Making some headway with TextureForwarder



kats:
* working on bug 1101628 - trying to do test-driven development. it's working well in that i'm finding bugs :)



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1056381 (mentored bug), bug 1264017
  - bug 1272525 (regression from clip rect changes) - wrote working fix + reftest, got it reviewed, landed
          - bug 1273250 (follow-up to fix more properly) - have patches up for review, landed
  - filed a rendering bug I've been noticing in recent Nightlies (bug 1273277), got regression range (ended up being a dupe of bug 1272194)
  - bug 1272165 (reducing #ifdefs in APZC) - finished writing patches, posted for review, ladnded
  - bug 1258460 (Kevin's next mentored bug, adding microbenchmarks)



lee
* triage
* needinfo/review backlog
* swiffy bug investigation



jrmuizel
* Tried to land AMD timer crash debugging support



Bas:
* shutdown problems - main problem probably not in graphics, but there may have been some regressions
* disappearing transparent elements when printing (with Cairo) - it could be the wrapper surfaces take into account device transforms with surface patterns



acomminos
* Finishing up draft of GLXSurface patches
* Adds abstraction for strict compatible FBConfigs
* unfortunately, the validity of GLXPixmaps OOP is highly variant across GLX implementations
* e.g. nvidia doesn't allow multiple GLXPixmap bindings to the same pixmap in different address spaces, but GLXPixmaps can be used OOP
* mesa is opposite, allows multiple bindings in different address spaces and GLXPixmaps cannot be used OOP
* the GLXSurface code can do both, but we need a test- maybe extract this from glxtest?
* preferable to a feature matrix
* Reviews



mchang
* perma start up crash due to single buffered textureclient if run from C:\Program Files (x86)\Nightly\firefox.exe
* skia artifact on light firefox themes
* popup window preventing firefox from starting up



edwin
* argh, android.
* grr, samsung.
* bleh.
* 854095.
* yes. still.



Ethan
* Create a simple test case to reproduce issue with Swify-based banner ads on Mac(bug1255062)
* work on WebGL crash(1265676)



Jerry
* Provide fixes for WebGL crash(bug1274769)
* debug image frame double free(bug1257996)
* improve google doc page loading for 1 s(bug1271691)



Morris
* disable android gl  test(bug1268747)
* compositor widget on Mac(bug1271870)
* RectTextureImage now use IOSurface instead of shared memory. This prevent an extra copy to GPU 
* In OOP mode, GLContext use offscreen buffer so that we can share between compositor and widget easily

Peter
* fix cairo printing issue(bug12018740)
* debug the video content disappear after newly tab closed(bug1242273)



sotaro
* Updating YUV color conversion(Bug 1256475, bug 1274178)
* TextureClient recycling: Received feedback and updated patches.



ashughes
* triaged stale incoming bug reports
* created a chart to track crashes where graphics startup test exists - http://ashughes1.github.io/metrics-graphics-gfx/#v2-graphics-startup-test




David:
* GPU process manager
* launching setup
* shutdown now



Jeff G:
* aiming to land a regression patch, ANGLE upstream cherry picked
* some ANGLE multi threading - state is not moving across (e.g., clearColor, scissorbox)







________________


