BenWa:
        Looking into the DXGL difference. Looks to be a difference in the alpha value. Stil digging
        Interviewed candidate for platform
        Got the crashdata to update but there's a jump in the data. I need to investigate how to consile
        Landed relaxing AMD switchable graphics blacklist
* * Edwin (VIDYO, Y U NO VIDEO?)
* Banged my head against a talos slave for a little bit getting to bottom of hangs with Andrew's vsync patch. Have put on hold for a little bit as going mildly insane and vsync is merely 'nice-to-have' for now.
* Spent some time trying to debug some webgl-*-test X errors, but seems to have been fixed by somebody else in the meantime.
* Looking now at enabling on try by default:
* Driver is blacklisted for security issues but should be okay to let it through on try?
* Some tests need fuzz.
* A couple of large surface tests are failing, presumably because of some hardcoded limit -- will look for a fix but will probably just |fails-if| these.
* Thinking more about how to start enabling for realsies without everything exploding for everybody.



sotaro
* bug 1210182(Implement GrallocTextureHostBasic) Landed
* Bug 1196724(Refactoring of AudioManager) fixed interaction to AudioPolicyManager. Review+ and about to check-in
* media bugs reviews and feedbacks
* Visited Mozilla Japan office. They are gong to rent a new roon for engineers.



mchang
* DWrite fonts on skia
* reftests failures with skia backend on windows, mostly looks the same as linux



David:
* invalidation on the compositor (over invalidating with APZ)
* Flash directly to DXGI service



Jeff:
* close to done with WebGL2 getting compiiling before going to try, down to one page of errors



Nical:
* multithreaded tiling crashes



mstange (can't talk, kitchen exhaust hood technician is here):
* bug 1219270 is preventing me from pushing updated patches to mozreview
* uploaded patches for background-position layerization and friends, got review for most of them: bug 1201327, bug 1201330, bug 947062
* wrote a patch for a plugin clipping bug on Windows (bug 1217168)
* found a regression from single tiled content client: some 3d-transformed layers disappear (bug 1219230)



jrmuizel:
* WebGL2 conformance tests
* ran WebGL2 teleporter demo with ANGLE shader translator on linux with llvmpipe!



kats:
* put up patches for bug 1217818, assertion failure on b2g
* working on a workaround for bug 1141884, so that apzc self-disables for wheel events on scrollframes with scroll snapping
* typo fix in bug 1219243 causing busted scrolling on fennec



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1177842, bug 1215974, bug 1215977, bug 1199798
  - investigating touch events not working with GTK3 (bug 1217515); wrote patch to fix pref issue
  - dusted off Aries FxOS build to help :rbarker fix issues caused by a fennec-apz patch
          - discovered and filed some regressions (bug 1218567, bug 1218578, bug 1218598)
              - looked a bit into bug 1218578 (scrolling inactive scroll frame)
          - didn't see any issues caused by :rbarker's patch, though, so doing emulator build to try to repro test failures

________________


