kvark
  * on PTO
  * WebGPU call and discussions, including https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues/219
  * having a look at ArsTechnica profile w.r.t mix-blend mode
  * figuring out why the document example fails with GL error - https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21159

jbonisteel
  * Reviewed open Sec bugs - also we went from 17 open sec crit and high to 12 last week - woot!
  * Did some re-organizing of WR bugs with Jeff, sent around an email and posted in IRC about that. If anyone missed that info let me know
  * Read about the release process changes for 68, made note of important dates 
  * Some 'light reading' for onboarding prep (3yr plan, manifesto, etc.)
  * Question for ya'll: was looking at: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Platform/GFX/Quantum_Render and was thinking I'd update it with some of the new prioritization info, new meta bugs, etc. Is that worth the time? Do people in the world look at that page? 

nical
  * svg gfx logo https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hC2_yeaEmgagiRo16CgOfLuzSOWN9K4J?usp=sharing
  * looking at perf issues

kats:
  * set up device and installed builds. r-b/fenix build with local GV seems to crash on startup, need to investigate
  * did some APZ bug triage, looked into fixing bug 1525570 since it's more user-visible and relatively easy to fix
  * pushed along some bugs for android searchfox

rhunt
  * booked travel to work week
  * did a cbindgen review for emilio
  * did some analysis of OMTP security bug
  * put up patches to move comments on C++ method definitions to their own line

jrmuizel
  * worked with mstange on CoreAnimation compositing support
  * looked at clientstorage options with kvark and mstange
  * WR triage. No P4s anymore
  * Fixing masks. Have a bad plan that might work

jnicol
  * looking in to 1528820 (flashing black rectangles with picture caching on android)
    * this is caused by the same adreno bug as 1499785, where glBlitFramebuffer always blits to the 0th layer of a texture array
    * IIRC we should be able to use glCopyTexSubImage3D to workaround the bug
