nical
* addressing reviews,
* investigating what can/cannot be moved off the rb thread to perform async scene building

kvark
* FF WR capture keys
* FF WR include revision
* WR debug flags
* WR capture render tags

Sotaro
* Checked-in pluging handling. Fixed several pluging bugs with WebRender
* WebRender does not support windowed plugins. The windowed plugin is used only at specific situations on Windows.
* Mozilla is going to remove windowed plugin(Bug 1296400). It might be better to remove windowed plugin support.
* Worked for enabling "SwapChain with DXGI_SWAP_EFFECT_FLIP_SEQUENTIAL"(Bug 1419293). By referencing code in ANGLE, the performance became better. Asking a review.
* Looking into video rendering problem with ANGLE on win7.
* Looked into memory leak related video playback. The leak was caused by pipeline remove. :nical is working for it.

aosmond
* async animated image containers implementation

lee
* working on getting Skia to build

kats:
* turned on WR hit-testing by default \o/ closed a bunch of things that are now fixed
* started working on using new clipchain API in WR
* investigated a fix to the deadlock bug (1433579) which is turning out to be harder than i thought it would be

gankro
* looking into leak more
* reviews+triage

jrmuizel
* looked into a reftest failure for mattwoodrow
* figured out a blob invalidation assertion failure
* app unit changes are not properly tracked

botond
* reviews 
* bug 1427229 (mentored bug to add enum validation for EnumSet IPC) - last round of review, then landed
* bug 1433019 (dispatch scroll events after dispatching resize events) - reviewed second iteration/approach 
* looked more at bug 1425243 (CompositorOGL bug affecting animated transforms + masks) 
* not really getting anywhere with ad-hoc logging of info sent to the GPU - would like to go with a RenderDoc approach 
* writing a reftest for bug 1404218 (fixed background inside css filter) to make sure we don't regress it with WR
