Nical
* assembled my badass e10s lego dragon
* disabled layers acceleration for small popup widgets on linux
* Wrote a fix for the shmem lifetime issue in bug 1280762
* wrote a short-term-but-upliftable solution for bug 1280110, and a better solution (maybe not to be uplifted)



gw280
* TextureClientPool-per-process instead of per-tab has finally landed!
* Now working on keeping track of unused tiles for TextureClientPool, instead of a fixed size
* Also having a think about what to do with https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1280715, which is a result of the refactoring work I did for TextureClientPool



acomminos
* Completed initial implementation of client side decorations for GTK
* Patched up reftests for GL layers on Linux, landed
* Backed out due to reftest ordering mistake, whoops!
* The push did reveal some interesting details that should be fixed before relanding, particularly increased prevalence of timeouts potentially due to llvmpipe sluggishness
* Wrote patches to fix ASAP mode on talos slaves with GL layers on Linux
* Looking into increased probability of timeouts with test slaves (using llvmpipe) and GL layers on Linux
* Does anyone feel strongly about disabling GL layers for llvmpipe users? -- makes no sense anyway since GL layers is supposed to accelerate, so better off just not to use GL layers where there is no hardware acceleration
* The biggest consequence that comes to mind is less stability testing for mochitest runs



jnicol
* trying to split background color into its own layer if significantly larger than the rest of layer's contents. haven't filed bug # yet. almost working
* depending on how long george takes for his texture pool stuff, was going to doublethe pool size and add telemetry probe for how many are in use. might be no point though.



ernest
* fixing some try issues with ogl feature patch https://reviewboard.mozilla.org/r/56960
* add ogl telemetry (have patch ready ish, but need to land above first)



mchang
* skia reftest failures and rgbx data corruption



kats:
* still trying to get IOSurface patches landed. there was a memory leak, fixing it in the way sotaro suggested caused a crash. gw280's TextureClientPool thing was supposed to fix it but didn't
* tracked down the cause of heavy checkerboard/jank on fennec, but the fix causes linux32/android try failures. chasing that down now



jrmuizel
* mostly talked with people in London
* Looking at client storage on macOS



________________


