nical
* canvas size discussions
* still pulling my hair on post-shutdown canvas drawing
* fire drill



ernest
* replace previous calls to hw video decode bools with new (dxva) feature added to gfxConfig
* fixed ogl telemetry patch, needed to add similar code to d3d compositor path



jnicol
* have patch for 1263083 (google inbox layerization) on try
* more slow progress on splitting color layer from emptyish painted layers
* packing up my desk!



acomminos
* Wrote a patch for a threadsafe error handler on X11
* Investigating switching to XCB wherever possible (since vanilla Xlib handles threads and error handling very poorly)
* (we would still have to use Xlib for direct GLX and GTK)
* Working on resizers for GTK CSD



jrmuizel
* 1280244 transparent window clear crash
* I think I know how to fix it but the code is a mess. I'm going to clean it up while I'm there.
* more crash investigation
* some reviews



lee
* rewriting Skia's alpha blitting code



kats:
* bug 1280667 - have two half-baked approaches to fixing it. i think the second one is probably better long-term, will clean up the patches today
* started looking at touch bugs for windows, starting with bug 1256339. We don't handle long-press properly, need to fix that up.
* bisected bug 1282060



gw280
* TextureClientPool. Think I've worked out a sensible allocation scheme now, after discussing with jnichol. Will implement today.
* Currently reviewing Nical's patch for TextureForwarder/CompositableForwarder
* EU Sadfacing



mchang
* rgbx crashes in image decoder
* skia reftest fuzzing



________________


