

Bas:
* (mostly layout) bugs exposed by D2D1.1 (subpixel AA related)



kats:
* rolled up bug 1098654 for uplift
* mentoring bug 1100315 and bug 1106905
* tried a few things to make some code threadsafe to fix bug 1107009
* wrote a patch for bug 1117010 to fix some warnings to the log
* turned on event regions for b2g (bug 928833, bug 1107280)
* working through review comments on bug 1109873 and bug 1115111



botond:
* finished reviewing kats' patches for bug 1109873, and also bug 1115111
* fixed non-unified build Werrors in bug 1073003
* next: security bug (bug 1090280), APZ in parent process
* PSA: etherpad with gmail tips: https://etherpad.mozilla.org/gmail-issues




mchang (PTO)


Nical:
* catching up
* tiled drawtarget on b2g backed out :(
* have a theory about the weird text bug at tile boundaries: rounding behaviour when snapping glyphs to pixels with negative numbers? though as far as I can tell cairo uses _cairo_lround which supposedly behaves like c99 lround which should be the right thing to do.



BenWa:
* Bisected the black rect bug. The fixes pointed back to the patch nical said (not sure what happened). Ehsan says he still sees it. (He saw it before I ever saw it too... Maybe there are two causes). Yes, I was going to write that it could be a different bug. We should assume its a new bug until proven otherwise.
* Landed my fix to disable paint heuristics. Now need to check if the progressive draw bugs are fixed or if they were fixed by nical' patch.
* Display list dumping tool is now on nightly.



jrmuizel:
* Wrote a speed up patch for WebGL on OS X
* Looked a bit into how DirectComposite with IE 11 works on windows using apitrace. Mostly failed



________________


