Bas:
* subpixel AA bug - NS_ASSERTION in layout code, they're following up



Nical:
* found the problem with the tile-boundary bug, patch up for review.
* the patch is simple enough that I think we should uplift it as far as we can since it affects all platforms with tiling (most visible with DrawTargetTiled but not limited to).
* simple patch for bug 1113558
* prepared an uplift for one of the patches in bug 1071769 and found out it didn't need to be uplifted.
* (that was yesterday but forgot to mention it) patch up for review in bug 1115352, making it less likely to have d2d without d3d11.



kats:
* continued addressing review comments for bug 1109873
* one regression reported from event-regions so far, bug 1117712, will look into it today



mchang:
* bug 1102631 - Add a software vsync for testing
* bug 1117870 - Add a heuristic for the compositor to unobserve vsync
* caught up on bugmail



BenWa:
* Got a new desktop I needed to look at windows bugs. Finishing up a set up.
* Looked into the windows blackness bug and flickering on resize
* Tweaks to display list visualization
* Switched windows build instruction to recommend VS Community.



jrmuizel
* Landed nsRegion move constructors (gives us fewer heap allocations)
* Landed windows e10s webgl fix
* Landed clean up of SharedSurfaceIO in anticipation of switching it to GLTextureSource from IOTextureSource
* Did more investigation of the recreating render target view stuff for the ANGLE people. I tried to write a reduced test case but failed



________________


