kats:
* landed bug 1120244, bug 1120415, bug 1119355
* landed bug 1107009 which got backed out, will reland shortly (try run is looking pretty good)
* finished mentoring bug 1100315, started mentoring bug 852247
* tried reproducing a memory leak in bug 1120115 but was unsuccessful, filed an assertion failure i found while investigating (bug 1120510)
* gfx-noted various incoming bugs
* continuing to look into bug 1119942 for apz-in-root-process work





Nical:
* landed a few patches including a new performance warning for synchronous texture deletion
* looked some more at the edge padding thing, Matt and Bas say should do it differently (using more complex vbos on the compositor side)
* investigated at a lifetime issue with SharedSurface, have a few ideas, depends on what jgilbert/dan want to do with SharedSurface



mchang
* bug 1119981 - delayed animation test failing with silk enabled. Race condition in the test + animation



Jeff:
* standalone testcase doesn't reproduce the issue we're tracking - this is sad
* OSX WebGL patch is probably not a good idea, though landable - not an easy fix; switching to TextureClient/TextureHost may be a better solution
* with dmajor, on memory usage, we have a gpuview, seems we're consuming something on windows; closing the tab makes the memory release, but accumulates otherwise (soft leak).  will take some investigation, allocations are not going through regular means, seemingly.  driver related?



mstange
* more talos profiling (symbolicating profiles on the talos machine now)
* you can download symbolicated profiles from https://treeherder.mozilla.org/ui/#/jobs?repo=try&revision=b54a23073798 by selecting a run and clicking a profile link on the bottom left (e.g. "artifact uploaded: profile_tp5o.zip")



sotaro
* Bug 1112410(conflict between seek and dormant) Checked-in. Merged to m-c.
* Bug 1113271(stagefright FLACParser fix) - pushed to mozilla-b2g's aosp repository.
* Reviewed media bugs.



BenWa:
* Integrating the flamegraph into the profiler. Works but there's 2 bugs that need to be fixed
* Landed patch for display list visualization on windows





________________


