Nical


        Looking at the leafletjs bug on OSX, pretty fascinating: only happens with DrawTargetTiled, but also doesn't seem to reproduce with my own builds. maybe something about the fd limit that is different depending on how you start the program? but that would not explain why TiledDT...



Jeff:
        memory soft leaks - accumulate forever until tab close - imagelib patch



BenWa:
        Landed compositor gtest. It's now pretty easy to write compositor tests
        Added integration tests and continious integration for the profiler front end
        Fixed the cleopatra layout for webkit, but I broke the sidebar and I couldn't fix it.
        Got a patch to have TaskTracer compiling on mac. We need to port their conversion script to JS to integrate it into cleopatra.
        Mac plugins are running at 60 FPS. It's a regression



mchang
        bug 1120753 - Landed fallback to software vsync
        bug 1095242 - Disable vsync when idle
        bug 1098701 - gtests for silk, seems to be working on all platforms on try



kats:
        landed a proper fix for bug 1121033, and re-landed bugs 1119497 and 920036 on top of it.
        backed out bug 1112212 because it caused a regression and nobody has time to fix it (not my regression, but it was impacting me)
        backed out bug 1121268 which *was* my regression (it was a speculative fix anyway)
        spent some time gfx-noting bugs and doing reviews
        still working on bug 1119942 to deal with scrollable areas inside things with SVG masks



sotaro
        Worked for dormant mode of MediaDecoderStateMachine
        bug 1121658 - Created a patch. Asking for review.
        bug 1121064 - Thinking about how to remove dormant related status change from MediaDecoder



mustang
        cleaned up my talos profiling patches and uploaded them to bug 1121571
        landed two patches to the profiling infrastructure in Gecko that are required for the talos work (bug 1121591 and bug 1121576)
        filed bug 1121770 about layerizing scaled images more eagerly

________________


