Jeff
        with dmajor on the memory problem (write combined allocations, not sure where coming from, not GPU usage).  don't know where the memory is coming from
        partial updates patch causing trouble - should we back it out of Aurora?
        WebGL problem in 32/33



Bas:
        catching up after PTO



Nical:
        (at a FxOS 3 ideation meeting)
        Fixed and landed 2 DrawTargetTiled issues, the issue that breaks reftests is still there
        trying to log into the try server loaner machine for the linux omtc bug



kats:
        landed patches for bug 1122276, bug 1122408
        reviewed mason's patches for bug 1095242
        meetings? can't remember really



botond:
        fixed bug 1120566 (smoketest regression from bug 1076241)
        filed 1122804 as a follow-up for a more proper fix
        discovered another problem with the patch in bug 1076241, filed bug 1122794 and posted patch
        reviewed Chris Lord's patches for overscroll tweaks
        posted patch to disable warnings-as-errors on Lollipop
        Firefox OS ideation meetings (virtual currencies, carrierless phones)



sotaro
        Worked for MediaDecoder dormant state
        Set-up FreeBSD for Panasonic TV environment
        Env setup memo did not work correctly. It seems too old. Got advice from Panasonic. Based on the advice, trying to set up the environment now.



benwa:
        OSX Plugin regression causing plugin recomposite at 60 FPS. Narrowed down the problem and posted a patch. Will be landing today

________________


