jrmuizel:
        mostly sick



Bas:
        D3D11 partial composition, have a fix under review



Nical:
        Some more time spent trying to get a build on the try machine, ended up building on my own computer and transferring the build there (almost done). quick profiles on a nightly (without reftests) shows that a lot of time is spent in pthread locking stuff, and 70% in unknown symbols in libc.so
        confirmed that DrawTargetTiled issue definitely doesn't reproduce if the test is run without the other tests



BenWa:
        Posted a patch for bug 1119726
        Reviews
        Added test and CI for the profiler add-on



Jerry:
        bug 1092978 - refresh driver patch. got r+ for all patch
        bug  1123762 - turn on vsync-aligned refresh driver by default on b2g. tracking.



mchang:
        bug 1098701 - Gtests for silk
        bug 1122943 - ensure compositor shuts down correctly - reworked after review feedback



mstange:
        landed my profiling changes on the talos repo (bug 1121571)
        attempted to land on inbound, got backed out because we hadn't whitelisted main thread IO done by loadFrameScript (bug 1123852, bug 1123947)
        prepared backout of my window draggability patch for 35.1 (bug 1104036)



kats:
        landed patch for bug 1116586, need to update the patch for bug 1116588 (both are event-regions bugs)
        wrote a patch for bug 930939 (input-thread) which seems to work. we might even be able to land it without APZ in the root process



        investigating incoming bugs 1123598 and 1121871



        reviewed mason's gtest patches for silk



        PTO this afternoon and maybe tomorrow afternoon too



botond:


        landed bug 1122794 (fixes a mistake in begone-nontransient)



        reviewed updated/completed patches for Chris Lord for overscroll tweaks (bug 1096513, bug 1042103). they've now landed!



        Firefox OS ideation meetings (carrierless phone, personal currencies)



        lightning talks yesterday



        continued looking at bug 1005815 (chunk of parent-process-apz work)



        have a pretty good idea for overall strategy now, hope to have initial patches today



sotaro


        Working for dormant of MediaDecoder



        bug 1122228 created a patch and got feedback. Updating the patch based on the comment.



        bug 1123452 creating a pach.



        Did media reviews and feedbacks.



________________


