Bas:
        black flickering fix landed, good hope many other dupes will be fixed
        d2d1.1 issues, reproducible ones are dupes of the layout issue



Nical:
        Wrote a patch for the android surface stream crash (bug 1119019)
        more profiles of linux on try, threading primitives occupy 30-40% of the time spent, both with and without omtc, still no luck actually running the reftests
        Looking at the CondVar crash, can' t repro so far.



BenWa:
        tested my mac blocker patches, waiting on inbound to landed.
        Looked into bug 1112332. Cause by low res painting. For now we can deal with this by uplifting my disable heuristics patch and wait for master for all the fixes.
        Discussed power used with nfroydn. Seems like our idle wake ups are good until we hit a Thebes (painted) layer.
        Looking into google maps layerization



kats:
        more working on bug 1116588 to make sure the edge swipe gesture areas show up in the right touch sensitive regions
        tried to investigate bug 1121871, was not able to reproduce consistently or make much progress
        investigated bug 1123598, appears fixed on 2.2+ so requested a fix window
        fixed a regression with subframe scrolling on OS X, patches on bug 1124099



mstange:
        wrote patches to fix the window dragging regressions (bug 1122942 and bug 1104036)
        reviewed NEON blur patch (bug 753010)
        fixed the white sheet default button (bug 1106906)



sotaro
        Worked for MediaDecoder dormant
        bug 1122228 Updated the patch and checked-in. Merged to m-c
        bug 1123452  Created a patch and got feedback+.



jrmuizel:
        sick again



mchang
        perf tests with enabling vsync compositor, no measurable difference in start up time
        manually testing vsync compositor on flame + nexus 4
        writing up silk docs

________________


