Bas:


        Berlin trip f2f



        some bugs during driver reset



        we can't redecode after device reset, as those images are gone (volatile buffers)





kats:


        monster review on bug 663803, more reviews are in my queue



        tested patches for parent-process-apz, bug 1124452 and dependencies. found some issues



        continuing to work on input-thread bug 930939



        discussed with botond bug 1125422 which he was trying to investigate



        co-op interview





Nical:


        reftests finally running on the try server with profiling on (I think)



        writing the patch to get edge padding to work with DrawTargetTiled



        a bunch of reviews



        Should we clip painting to tile boundaries ? cairo create clip masks of the size of the clip every time (that is, for every tile).





mchang


        enabled vsync compositor on b2g, no fires yet



        bug 1125999 - Investigated why some mochitests timed out, need a backoff from vsync if main thread gets too busy



        bug 1125030 - Shutdown of the refresh driver w/ vsync enabled





BenWa:


        Interview



        Found my b2g blocker bug. Try failures today





sotaro


        MediaDecoder dormant



        bug 1123452 checked-in, but backed-out. Updated a patch. Checking tryserver result.



        Investigated codeaurora's media bug. The problem seems to be caused by codeaurora's log system problem. Codeaurora is going to investigate about it.



        bug 1125913(Use GraphicBuffer::lockAsync) created a patch.





jrmuizel


        Finished up shared texture about:memory patch. Waiting on review from Bas



        Started investigating some of the WebGL issues



        Bug 1122465 - Regression (jgilbert might have a fix)



        Bug 1122912 - D3D11 ANGLE regression (this maybe doesn't seem too bad, but I need more information)





mstange:


        uplifted my window dragging regression fixes



        made the cleopatra tree a little faster



________________


