Bas:
        bug triage



Jeff M.
        memory usage tracking - repeated attempts to land
        OS X issues with crash stacks, not unwinding properly on OS X 32-bit (unwind tables are wrong on Darwin, unclear why nobody complained before)



Nical:
        I think I found what is wrong with DrawTargetTiled on b2g (need to push to try to be sure)
        implemented edge padding for DrawTargetTiled, then wasn't satisfied with the implementation so tried to make a simpler/better one but there's something I am missing with the way we track invalid regions inside of tiles



mchang
        bug 1126373 - Enable silk only on kitkat or higher + ICS emulator
        bug 1125999 - Wrote a patch to change how we schedule refresh driver ticks due to time outs
        bug 930939 - Tested touch input off main thread, really good



Dan:
        WebGL2 - the demo is running, a few correctness issues.  Running on OS X & Windows.  Some performance issues, likely readback on Windows.  Without ANGLE ES3 support, we're stuck.
        If you want to try it, ask Dan for the link



David:
        containerless scrolling on the desktop
        confident we can do APZ without tiling - a number of major invalidations, fixing those gets us in good shape



kats:
        finished patches for bug 930939 and they can probably land once reviewed
        backed out patch for bug 1116588 as it caused a smoketest regression (1126427) in addition to talos regressions, and wrote a new patch that isolates the case in question more precisely
        investigating other weirdness i ran into while investigating the above regression
        interviews, reviews, etc



botond:
        bug 1125422 - event-regions regression
        my original patch fixes one of what's turning out to be at least 3 problems here
        have patches for second problem
        third problem - event-regions code does not consider touch event handlers on chrome window - talked to roc/smaug about approaches for fixing this



mstange:
        fixed some more bugs in my cleopatra tree rewrite
        reviewed bug 1120917, bug 1118134 and bug 1118169 (Paul Rouget's htmlrunner cocoa integration fixes)
        had a long conversation with Jeff and Benoit about profiler lifetime management, filed bug 1126576
        shadowed Benoit's interview



sotaro
        Worked for MediaDecoder dormant
        bug 1123452; Fixed  tryserver error. Checked-in to m-c. MSE part seems to have a problem cpearce is investigating about it.
        Codeaurora bug.
        bug 1125418: codeaurora's logsystem seems not related to the problem. The bug was reopened. I tried to reproduce the problem, but failed to reproduce it. Logout and crash log seems to show different abort...



BenWa:
        Landed my fix for the tiling fast path
        Interview & code review
        Profiler/Memory profiller discussion

________________


