Nical:


        What I said yesterday would fix DrawTargetTiled reftest actually didn't fix it, still investigating



        Found out that our tiling code is not tracking invalid regions properly, have a fix on try



        Fount out that we are loosing the expiration state in TileClient, fixed it



        weird stuff in OMTC linux reftest profiles: basically only the end of the profile is present, the rest is just empty



        however, in the part of the profile that is there, the js function that compares the results is taking a significant portion of the total time.



        big perf regression in tsvgr_opacity with omtc on linux



        started setting up a win 7 laptop to try to repro bug 1121751



        reviews and needinfos (actually a bit behind on ni)





mchang


        bug 1125999 - prevent vsync notifications from flooding the main thread. With this + 1125030, the refresh driver passing mochitests



        bug 1126373 - Disable silk on non kit-kat devices



        Went through silk bugs to resolve some



        Setting up windows env again





Bas:


        triage and interviews



        crash with e10s and optimus



        bug that looks like it's in the layout





Jeff:


        landed the memory tracking patch



        android cleanup patch



        upstreaming angle fixes?



        osx webgl with textureclient





kats:


        landed new version of patch on bug 1116588 to fix the edge swipe.



        filed bug 1126876 for the other issue i found with event regions. wrote a wip and tested it



        filed bug 1127327 for possible talos regressions that need investigation



        addressed review comments for bug 930939, just waiting for mwu's r+ before landing



        closed out some old bugs that were in the input-thread dep tree and no longer relevant



        looking at the nsBaseWidget failure on botond's try push for bug 1124452





sotaro


        Codeaurora media bug



        The problem seems to be caused by android Binder IPC problem. But it is not clear yet, why and how it happen in codeaurora's hardware.



        bug 1101826(OMX flush problem)



        Investigating how it happens.





BenWa:


        Reviewing the memory profiler



        B2G blockers







________________


