kats:


        looked at low-res bug in 1123598, traced to an APZC error and put up a patch



        looked at possible talos regressions in bug 1127327 which turned out to just be noise



        identified the try failures in bug 1124452 and wrote a patch that would fix it



        looked at bug 1085076 (bluriness on fennec) a little bit



        next up: investigate bug 1121875





botond:
  - bug 1124452 (APZC for root scroll frame in parent process' root document)
          - posted new patches including Kats' fixes, got them reviewed
  - bug 1105815 (parent-process-apz single tap handling)
          - addressed review comments
  - bug 1127066 (rest of parent-process-apz bits)
          - started working on it
  - helping :dvander with investigating why displayport size is changing a lot on desktop
  - looked into claim of Lollipop still being broken due to Werrors; turned out to be false alarm
  - attempted implementing a proper fix for Lollipop b2g Werrors
  - reviewed Kats' patches for bug 950934 and bug 930939



mchang


        bug 1127151 - Create vsync on windows



        Talked with dvander about smooth scrolling on windows - IE is much smoother than firefox / chrome while mouse wheel scrolling





sotaro


        bug 1101826(OMX_CommandFlush problem)



        OMXCodec send OMX_CommandFlush for each port. But qcom omx vdec driver always flush both port. Then second flush could become redundant. The second flush done event could come during next OMXCodec flush handling. It could cause buffer handling inconsistency in OMXCodec.





mstange:


        finished my patch for profile buffer sharing + shutdown profiling crash fix (bug 1127498)



        jit coach profiler integration discussion with BenWa + Kannan (bug 1127156)



        revived my patches for vibrant context menus on 10.10 (bug 1045213)





BenWa:


        Profiler discussion to expose low level js diagnostics. Some lifetimes are tricky but I think we have a good solution.



        Looking at b2g blocker. OOM issue can still be reproduced by QA less frequently but not me.



        Fixed a bug in the cleopatra display list viewer and added the ability to toggle layers





jrmuizel


        Interview, meetings (WGL fail)



        Talked with Jukka about D3D11 ANGLE performance and did some profiling of the issue.



        Tried to figure out how to debug the ANGLE problem with the person on bugzilla. Failed







________________


