Nical
* rebased the TiledContentHost refactor (took longer than expected)



mchang
* box shadows - fixed floating point dest rects + sizes, one reftest failure left



Bas:
* TDR related issues
* not the best documentation out there, but looking for a strategy to address TDRs better and systemically



kats:
* landed bug 1013412 (reduce double-handling of wheel events w/apz) and bug 1157579 (infinite loop with scrollbar layout)
* wrote patches for bug 1161040 (regression from a recent change that causes the browser to hang), possible fix for bug 879791 (touch events not working properly in fennec because of an accessibility change)
* updated patches on bug 1160250 (refactoring) to deal with review comments, made mCompositionBounds private in bug 1160566



mstange:
* reviewed profile streaming rewrite (bug 1154115)
* debugged regression from my layerization changes (camera app no longer using hardware composer, bug 1152461)



sotaro
* Bug 1158448 (Remove ApplyStateToStateMachine and PLAY_STATE_SEEKING from MediaDecoder)



jrmuizel
* Worked on the mac painting improvements for mstange
* Reviews/Need infos



E10S uplift to Aurora:
* Are these tracking-e10s: m6+ flag for Aurora?
* WebGL performance - this should be OK
* tab switching is bad
* Mac allocation speed - Conley?  Tile cache pool size is too small, he just started looking at it.  We think it should block.
* Is this for Windows only, or all desktop platforms?  We should at least do it on the Mac as well
* basic compositor on Linux
* worried about not finding out about stuff breaking on top of things
* not testing E10S until beta
* can we split the audience and still have some of the people test non-e10s
* sandboxing vs. the other thing - what did we choose, is this also shipping, or are we holding it back?
* what about video, who is tracking that?  dxva?
* do we split the testing vs. double it instead?  hardware compatibility, catching regressions, we’re not quite doing it right there.  maybe betabreakers on e10s and regular is the way to go.
* windows surface sharing would only get worse with e10s?  or, it could be worse.







________________


