gw280:
* Aiming to ensure the entire graphics branch is green on a default m-c push by the end of the week
* Current failures are: some intermittent crashes (bjacob looking into this, but I will hopefully end up assissting when I've completed the other fixes), unaccelerated windows reftest failures, misc other test failures
* Would like to coordinate with Bas sometime to look into coordinating landing the Graphics branch at a different time to his big land due next week (or so I've been told?)

BenWa:
* Added tests for hit testing with layers transformation (scaling, translation) and fixed bugs with my implementation
* Landed a fix for GTest dependencies. If all goes well we should be ready to start landing gtest without a clobber. I'll write a blog post today.
* Modified cleopatra: Can now hide threads, resize histogram/treeview. Markers can now be clicked and selected
* Working on supporting szip library compress for mobile profiling.

Joe:
* test suite for animated image disposal/blending; blocked on another review
* other tasks for OMT animated images now

Guillaume:
* patches for failing WebGL conformance test
* using a Mac Mini to try and reproduce some of these try failures

bjacob:
* SkiaGL related

Bas:
* radial gradient for D2D 1.1
* clean up the patch queue, get the back end reviews, then land it
* (also need to add mask surface)

Nicolas:
* layer borders - per layer manager, makes for a smaller patch
* somewhat on texture host/client

Jeff:
* reviewing
* landed mask surface (couple of times, so it stuck)
* thebes Azure wrapper issue (Azure extend mode stored in GfxPattern - should we store Thebes extend instead?)
* webp and facebook - contacts not with the company anymore
* webp and google - in dialog to understand why our numbers are "different"
* GfxContext - now using more of a mask surface than before
* webp/jpeg-xr conversations

________________


Weekly - 2013/06/18
Investing in layer building, adding optional layers that can be sped up by specific (hardware) compositor (BenWa)
* Some special cases (e.g., repeat in the ImageLayers)
* Get some benchmarks that show off the improvements
* task.js, on mobile, pan out quickly, tall gradient
* we do it effectively with colour layers
* tracking in bug 882383
* most of the work would be in FrameLayerBuilder?

When we resize canvas, draw target gets destroyed.  And draw target owns the GL context and thus we now destroy the GL context when we resize canvas.
* One way to fix it - have a resizable draw target, don't destroy the draw target - but we can't currently resize draw target. We also can't guarantee draw target has a size - printing to PDF.
* Second way - take the context out of the draw target, be able to create another draw target with the existing context.
* Third way - in addition to draw target, also have device object. That way devices can persist beyond draw target lifetime.

________________


