That GDC double charge for bjacob and Jeff?  OK, approved the hotel charge.
 

gw280:
* Fixed the failing reftest on windows. Basically, it was a rehash of a bug I'd fixed previously, but for some reason had lost track of the patch. Sigh.

Guillaume:
* Found the probleme on a patch fixing a WebGL conformance test with Mac OS X driver. Wondering to defenitly finish it today
* MRT: review with Benoit J.
* MRT: change the color attachments array into a dynamic array but a crash has been detected by Try Commit

Bas:
* mozilla-central builds, etc. prep work for Moz2D has been pushed
* the radial gradient is reviewed
* trying to properly detect when somebody has WinSDK 6.0.2 installed

Nicolas:
* layer borders pushing to try, looking for a reviewer
* trying to simplify the large texture host/client patch
* installing windows dev environment

BenWa:
* Added support for GTest
* Landed gtest dependency patch + layers test. Start writing some test and run with mach gtest
* Added support for szip on mobile. Symbolication should work again
* Reviewing document for SRED

Joe:
* landed the frame blending patches
* talked with Jeff about the plan to run this off main thread, still coming together

Jeff:
* mask surface patches, all reviewed, some r+, all have bugs, sorting it out
* some ref test failures with these patches

bjacob:
* MRT in order to do the review, hoping Guillaume can land it soon
* jlebar on ref graph usage, make some improvements
* talk with Guillaume and Vlad about WebGL2 (3pm)

________________


