1. Matt coming to Toronto, if you can help him with accommodation search, please do.
2. SR&ED - need to get this to him today?
3. Android LG Nexus 4 bug 873378 - who wants it  - reproduces on Kats' phone.  TextureClientTile::LockImageSurface. (BenWa/nrc)
________________


gw280:
- AC repair guys coming in AGAIN tomorrow am so may miss the call yet again..
- Looked into cairo font host stuff; currently running through the code with gdb to see how we get into the state where the font object gets deleted when we don't want it to be. Proving to be hard to reproduce as it's an intermittent failure.
- Looked into the blending test failures with SkiaGL; relevant bug on bugzilla is https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=885627 
- Rik Cabanier says that newer Skia (~3 weeks after the rebase we had settled on) implemented support for all the blend modes that we're currently failing. As such, I have now spent some time grabbing my experimental newer update of Skia (r9475, graphics branch is currently r8495) to see what the test coverage is like now that Benoit has fixed all our really bad memory leaks.
- Try run of the newer rebase is currently chugging along at https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Try&rev=5137a44dc282
- If our tests are mostly green, I suspect having coverage of the extra modes justifies taking the newer codedrop over r8495. All the work we've done on r8495 is relevant to r9475, so we haven't really wasted any time.



Jeff:
* mask surface work

Joe:
* off main thread animation, plan and estimates (for the actual "get it off the main thread" part)
* SR&ED
* landed the frame blanding thread safeness patches

bjacob:
* SkiaGL, need to sort out the graphics branch/central review-
* what's next with WebGL meeting

Guillaume:
* MRT: modifications applyed and no bug found by Try Commit, only one last minor modification needed for landing.
* WebGL conformance tests issues I was working on : Benoit and I had a meeting with Jeff G. because the bug comme from GLContext::ResizeOffscreen

Nical:
* on PTO next week
* first windows build
* reviews
* layer borders up for review

Bas:
* build related issues for D2D1.1

________________


