https://wiki.mozilla.org/Platform/2013-Q3-Goals#GFX
Azure/Moz2D - what are the next three steps?
* OS X, core graphics - should be OK for Q3
* Cairo, that way we can do it everywhere - will start on this, but perhaps not deliver it

OMTC - what are the next three steps?
* On OS X - in progress, landed, reopened, Woodrow working on it, he could finish it here for sure

________________


https://wiki.mozilla.org/Platform/2013-Q3-Goals#GFX
Moz2D - what are the next three steps?


Joe:
* no word back from SR&ED, we should be good
* with Jeff and Josh on images
* implementing the first parts of moving image animation to the different thread, anticipating patches today

Jeff:
* with Josh and Joe on the image formats
* collecting some data, Josh is going to blog about it
* no surprises in the preliminary results
* some interaction between Google and MS on their different image formats
* blog on mask surface

Bas:
* with Chris (Nvidia) on the nvpath rendering back end
* no support for shared context, tried to hack into Skia, but the way to go seem to be context creation and such to Moz2D, through native contexts
* Nvidia wants thread safe Moz2D backend for their NV path

Guillaume:
* WebGL_vertex_array_object : finish the fake vertex attribute 0 compatibility, now envolving WebGL conformance test

George:
* SkiaGL, ref test failures
* rebased the graphics branch

bjacob:
* graphics branch leak fix landed, pix map leak as well
* no valgrind errors related to SkiaGL
* started looking at B2G VM failures on SkiaGL, will ask the A-team how some of these things go

________________


Weekly - 2013/06/25
Tiling as the power usage fix?  Together with the layer heuristic? (BenWa)
about:support - Graphics section - pretty weak.  It doesn't give us the information about the discrete card details, lots of things missing. (Milan)
________________




Markus
https://wiki.mozilla.org/Gecko:AcceleratedFilters
The security issues are still to be sorted out
Timeframe - three weeks
Not exposing any stuff yet


George
SkiaGL updates - how do we follow the train?
Monthly?  What about every couple of days? - API isn't stable
What about getting our test system into their harness and their automation


Jeff
Bug 884226 - Consider enabling authors to force usage of a software canvas to enable fast read backs - just for get image data
heuristics are a pain
we do often ask the user to specify (e.g., WebGL vs. Canvas), but the API is different
why can't we make it "just works"?  is it harder for the authors, when they don't know where the performance is going to be
should we always avoid having heuristics
json blob as the opt-in, like webrtc, perhaps a dictionary


BenWa
Tiling as the power usage fix?
________________


