Nical:
* reviews
* surveys (how ironic, when my productivity gets sucked into answering surveys about productivity!)
* still trying to figure out why the cairo patch causes oom on windows 7 on try.



BenWa:
* Fix for the display shrink. Should be correct and also addresses us removing a row of tile one frame, then adding it the next frame. Now the displayport should stay the same size
* Getting async scrollbar ready to land behind a pref



lee
* futile attempts at bug triage but getting distracted by other bugs
* bug 1201272 - emergency fixes for canvas shadow blur WPT test fails after landing
* bug 1074733 - fixed test fails with negative rects in canvas
* bug 655328 - revived related bug thread on canvas drawImage clipping, rewrote and tested patches
* bug 1203078 - wrote patches for security bug



mchang
* Talked with jeff about ugly newtab rendering, have a fix, testing patch



kats:
* tracked down the apz-linux reftest failure that i was debugging in rr yesterday. understand the cause, not yet sure what the best fix is; maybe just fuzzing
* looking into try push failures from apz-fennec patches. got to the bottom of 2 of the 3 failures, looking at the last one now



botond:
  - reviewed and landed mentored bug 1201277 (use lambdas)
  - investigated performance bug 1201548 (also a regression from test_layerization, not addressed by the fix in bug 1200158), posted candidate fix
          - another perf bug, bug 1201554 looks to be the same issue
          - discussed with Markus, posted a different fix, landed it
  - posted patch to remove an outdated workaround from the static analysis plugin code (bug 1170388) and landed it
  - posted patch to disable a very spammy warning about transparent content with displayports that was annoying many people
  - updated fixed-background patch series, pushed to Try; have an unexpected assertion failure
  - diagnosed intermittent failure of test_wheel_transactions, hashed out a solution approach



Bas:
* compositor parent shutdown hang



Matt
* Fixed a 3d transforms spec bug
* Fixed a bug with SCREEN blend mode in the OGL compositor
* Landed all my video patches
* Fixed a crash with D3D11 texture recycling



sotaro
* Bug 1196724(Refactoring of AudioManager) Adding multiple audio out devices handling. Android audio policy managers seems to have a problem of audio routing change when audio stream has multiple out devices. I am going to add a workaround.
* Bug 1195227(FM radio audio volume change problem)
* Did reviews.



________________


