mchang (read only)
* added velocity to apz WheelScrollAnimation to calculate displayport.



sotaro (not attend meeting)
* bug 1206763(enable SkiaGL canvas on gonk) Investigated tryserver assert failure. The failure happened because of DrawTargetSkia recreation. When DrawTargetSkia was recreated, CopyableCanvasLayer::mGLFrontbuffer was not updated. 
* bug 1196724(Refactoring of AudioManager) Code clean up
* Checked-in patches(bug 1205351, bug 1187145, bug 1208155)



mstange (read only)
* ran async-scrolling reftests locally and found that we haven't been running them on treeherder recently (except in kats' linux APZ try pushes, because we run reftests-e10s on linux)
* wrote a test for bug 1203190 and landed it
* filed bug 1208438 + wrote patch and test for another background-attachment:fixed problem
* found out that my scrollclip patches cause an async-scrolling reftest failure, need to fix it
* reviews



Nical:
* Went to the doctor
* jobscheduler got backed out again over some build errors that turn out to be that there are headers in gecko that undef win32's CreateEvent, making the build failure dependent on order of inclusion and unified builds.



jnicol
* Think I've found cause of 1172595. Trying to confirm at the moment.
* (The nexus 6 gl driver crashes during glCompileShader if the shader contains a scalar * matrix instruction. matrix * scalar is fine.)



Jeff:
* GTK3 off on Beta, XInput2 off everywhere going up trains
* mostly theming left for GTK3
* (EGL PBuffer landed, need this for ANGLE)



Matt:
* performance regressions with SkiaGL on OS X - stroking and readback are being tested, we may just want to leave it



kats:
* all remaining apz-linux patches are awaiting review now
* looked into bug 1201076 and put up a patch for that
* also looked into bug 1208023 and have patches for that, waiting for a try run
* going to try investigating bug 1204982 but i might need to flash a device with CM12 or android 5.1.1 first



botond:
* continued looking into bug 1205630
* made various improvements to paint dumping to help me, will clean up and land later
* debugged using paint dumps + rr, problem is an inactive layer for a fixed-background item is not being painted
* likely due to a clip rect being in the wrong coordinate space



________________


