BenWa:
* Resolved gfx3DMatrix::CanDraw2D(gfxMatrix*) crasher. Due to bad compositor task usage
* Provided stub for integrating TaskTracer with cleopatra
* Working on exposing layer reason and parent content node

jrmuizel:
* Clipping and native drawing. Currently we rely on cairo to set a clip on the dc when drawing, what should we do in the skia case?
* Skia is running on windows
* Plumbing will be trickyish

Jerry: 4/9
* Bug 989847 - Handle webgl context lose
* Test for 1.3T device
* Project butter discussion

Matt
* Converted some of BasicLayers to Moz2d (bug 993784) to unblock jwatt's conversion of imgIContainer::GetFrame. Which should unblock d2d 1.1
* Fixed flashing bug on windows (bug 988862)
* Investigated b2g failures with firing MozAfterPaint from compositor
* landed a lot of patches
* Cairo errors and DrawTargetCairo - how do we want to handle them? We've hit this assertion a few times (http://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/source/gfx/2d/DrawTargetCairo.cpp#1010) and at least one (and I suspect all) of them have been due to cairo errors. We should probably not assert, or assert much more often so we catch where it actually happened.

gw280:
* Identifying/fixing Skia/SW content bugs on B2G. First one appears to be related to image scaling. It's the cause of a large proportion of the test failures.

Nical:
* Bug 994024: added some assertions and fixed a crash with 10000x10000 canvases
* Bug 993428: fixed mask layers with component alpha (d3d9 omtc)
* Bug 993417: documented a sad hack a bit better...

kats:
* needinfos and feedbacks
* investigated bug 992441, found the root cause. discussing with tn what the right fix is
* planning for things we need to do over the next couple of trains and filing some meta-bugs
* putting together some more layermargins fallout fixes for bug 989054
* will try turning on low-res/progressive tiling to see where we stand before Cwiiis -> PTO

Sotaro:
* media bug, review in progress
* QRD has a problem with video recording - but we can't even get video recording to work

botond
* bug 976605 (moving touch event handlers from BEP.js to C++)
* posted WIP patch series

Bas:
* Moz2D reviews (jwatt’s)
* OMTC D2D, three test failures, subpixel differences, promising
* performance issues as before, tscroll a bit slower, tart as well
* tsvgx regresses 20%, tsvg opacity 100% slower - is double buffering working properly?

Chris:
* fixing 993475 mask layers and basic layers, patch is up now
* 994088 e10s bug
* masked drawing and basic compositor

bjacob:
* will start Skia work today

________________


