DanG:
* Landed Bug fix for TexSubImage failing with cubemap targets
* Trying to get patch landed on ESR24 to stop crashing with invalid level param to 
* WebGL 2.0 WebIDL stub

Jerry:
* context lost issue - bug 998916
* device rotation order of operations (related to will-change?) - bug 993019

Chiajung:
* texture streaming canvas - video and canvas to canvas

Peter:
* 1.3T issue, texture uploading - bug 994590
* 1.4 blocker, cross process issue, window frame error, patch waiting for review - bug 997367

Jeff G.:
* conformance tests upgraded, but mach doesn't like it
* make current speedup patch
* code cleanup

Sotaro:
* analyzing QC bugs; some of them were fixed, but QC was testing without the right patches

Bas:
* OMTC D3D9 - what to do when driver is "removed" - today we switch back to basic omtc - that's probably the best path - will just go ahead with it
* Basic OMTC on XP is close anyway
* ImageBridge, Win 7 failure - not clear if enabling ImageBridge or fixing the test without that is simpler
* There is no test for performance of HW accelerated decoding?

Nicolas:
* fix for bug 999736 (a crash because of missing null-check)
* try push for 924622 looks good (shutdown problem)
* looking at 993004 callback problem with screen orientation
* a few reviews

BenWa:
* Helped viktor with his presentation
* Chugging along with exposing reasons for reflow/restyles

bjacob
* Fuzzed. Found & fixed 4 crashes before we'd again run all reftests under fuzzing.
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=999686
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=999697
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1000104
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1000161
* Investigated dip in Mac OSX layers success rate, reported by Jeff. Is limited to OSX <= 10.7 on old Intel Graphics. Correlated with temporary high
* crashiness. Mostly back up now.
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=999445
* Figured that MFBT tests don't test much at all, outside of DEBUG builds. Rediscovered bug I had filed in 2012. Patch up.
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=807607
* Surfaces discussion

kats:
* landed one workaround for Fennec regressions, bug 993554
* have a second (bad) workaround for the rest of the Fennec regressions (bug 992218), working on getting a better/more narrow one. hopefully will finish that up today
* went through the rest of the fennec regression bugs (deps of 996062) and verified they were dupes
* landed bug 984460 after discussion with matt woodrow
* grabbed the accelerated APZ scrolling bug to start on soonish

botond
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* continued prototyping
* investigated different ways of communicating the test data to JS, settled on trying WebIDL bindings
* bug 982141 (subframe displayports) got aurora approval and just landed!

________________


