DanG:
* Landed Patch 1 from Bug 994755 [https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=994755]
* Tried to get WebGL stub work into a reviewable state.
* Ran into issue with mozilla::gl::GuessAlignment asserting. Spent afternoon trying to track it down
* Spent rest of time getting "simple refactorings" to not break WebGL conformance tests.

Nical:
* 924622 got backed out again :( fixed the problem, asked for another quick review, landed
* prepared a patch that can be applied to aurora
* filed bug 997699 to have a better way to deal with releasing TextureClient and CompositableClient on a specific thread (to avoid the trap which caused the backout of 924622)
* landed a bunch of cleanup patches
* reviews
* looking at linux omtc reftest failures

Matt
* Working on last few failures for refresh driver throttling
* Various small regressions

bjacob
* Running late for today's daily, but my main update is I'm working on skia/content mochitest-5 failures, and filed them as https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1002466 . Currently debugging through layout code to understand how 'dotted' is passed on to moz2d.
* Also, more conversation with :gal on bug 980364
* Also, landed and relanded my typed enums patches (most of gfx is now strongly typed). Hopefully sticks.

BenWa:
* Reflow/Restyle causes working. Working on the UI now

kats:
* landed and uplifted patch for texture pool bug on fennec
* duped that third fennec "tiling regression" to a pre-existing bug after more investigation
* landed patch for flywheel/accelerated flings
* various reviews and feedbacks
* filed bug 1002482 with patches for a small (footgun) issue i noticed
* bunch of work on bug 1001438 which moves the low-res displayport calculation into gecko. need to repro and debug one reftest failure for it

botond
* bug 993930 (full-screen video causes small scale)
* posted fix applying to master, will land today
* bug 1000633 (APZ data race)
* wrote fix, will land today
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* finished C++ -> JS bridge component (not tested yet)
* next step: write a mochitest to exercise and test the framework

sotaro
* Bug 1000525
* Confirmed that the problem happens because Fence object is deleted during IPC is still in transit. Created a temporary patch. Need to clean up the patch more.

Bas:
* Continuing to look at OMTC tryserver failures. One failures left: mochitest-5 intermitend  at 75% rate. A plugin gets used, then we sync block on waiting for the plugin.
* Performance. Found a high cost in surface destruction/creation. Reduced significantly by lazily creating the backbuffer. Doesn't make a big difference in CART/TART test. tscroll is improved

________________


