DanG:
* Matt Woodrow CC'd me on email about GuessAlignment assert. JWatt also hitting it.
* Related to [https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1001687]
* Fixed bug in refactoring and running tests
* Prepared patches for review.

nical:
* the shutdown fix got backed out again :( almost running out of ideas, will try something tomorrow
* running a lot of tests that are failing with omtc windows to see how it goes locally, they all pass except dt3 which fails in a completely different way
*  running talos tests locally (still omtc windows)

BenWa:
* Worked on layout causes.
* We're firing the refresh driver a lot more. I was looking into these causes.

Botond [not feeling well, taking part or all of Tuesday as PTO]
* landed bug 993930 (fullscreen video causes small scale) on m-c, awaiting 1.4 uplift
* landed bug 1000633 (APZ data race) on m-c, awaiting 1.4 approval
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* beat head against wall trying to get mochitests to run at all on b2g emulator, with eventual success
* beat head against wall trying to get my mochitest to work (still working on this one)
* bug 998025 (overscroll)
* talked to Gordon about UX aspects, thought about design a bit
* minor reviews

kats:
* landed bug 1002482 (removal of footgun) and 945789 (APZ physics prefs)
* bug 907123 was backed out and I relanded it this morning
* filed bug 1002754 which came up while looking at progressive painting. have a patch for review
* tracked down and fixed a test failure from my patches on bug 1001438
* started looking into shaders for overscroll effects, need to talk to somebody about that

Bas:
* Bad news: Haven't been able to figure out the reason for the timeout. Plugin gets created and destroyed. Doesn't reproduce locally.
* Mysterous piece of code if you use basic. It would do it but cancel and disable OMTC completly. Try server runs were not using basic compositor. Still have some test timeouts.

Matt
* Fixed the last tbpl bugs with refresh driver throttling, got patches uploaded (bug 854421)

sotaro
* Bug 995476: Analyzed the OMXCodec problem. It becomes clear that the problem happens because of POVB problem.

Cwiiis:
* Catching up with mail, review, needinfo

bjacob:
* Looking into mochitest-5 failures
* Bustage on the tree

________________


