Jerry:
* gallery rotation issue:
* 1. solve the rotation visual problem
* 2. try failed. wait for backout feedback
* webgl defer webgl restore
* 1. WIP patch
* vsync project
* 1. move the vsync observer manager out of main thread. do not block vsync notificaton for b2g compositor 

Dan:
* Fighting with try pushes hanging for most of the day.
* Bug 1003607
* Still there are cracks in format and type checking in WebGL. We need better test coverage.

Matt
* Bug 952721 - Android crash with google maps

nical:
* new attempt at fixing the shutdown crash up for review
* reviews and feedbacks



Cwiiis:
* Catching up
* Swipe problem with everything.me patch. A bit tricky to reproduce. Not sure if its reproduce
* Remaining reftest failures on linux appear to be rounding errors with partial updates. Expect roundin instead of roundout
* Helping with knowledge about having a mode with the b2g keyboard
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=970093




gw280:
* helped benoit look into the dotted-line-not-rendering bug. summary of bug in https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1002466#c4
* Have a prelim patch but it's not very elegant, will speak to the Skia guys today about itw
* Also looked at border-radius/clipping-4-canvas.html - still finding root cause



Bas:
* Added printf, turn around time for try was terrible.
* Another push to confirm. Popup for one test is slow
* reftest on basic compositor, with rendertotarget, it used a canvas draw target. Which means it uses skia. Failure were because of that. Waiting on try push with a proper draw target.



kats:
* fixed bug 1001550 to remove a warning (indicated some missing code)
* read up a bit on shaders and shaders in our code
* bug 1003228 - put together a patchset to remove some APZ settings in gaia UI that aren't needed any more



botond
* on PTO yesterday
* today: continue bug 961289 (APZ testing) prototyping, possibly get to bug 998025 (overscroll)



sotaro
* Bug 1000525, created the patch. but causes a lof of IPC messages problem. I am going to fix the problem today.
* Bug 984434, fixed Fence delivery problem. Almost problem seems to be fixed. The patch is changed to based on Bug 1000525.



BenWa:
* Finish patch for overflow/style causes
* Discussion with contractor how to review the patches



bjacob:
* Worked with g280 where dotted lines or not rendered with skia. Its a deep issue. When skia looked at patterns with length 0 it thinks it can skia them. However thats how we specify in cairo that they are dots.

________________


