BenWa:
* Working on inplace buffer rotation
* Reviewed 921580, 888084, 923409, 919936
* Talked with boton for mozscrollgrab
* Gave b2g perf team some tips on using the profiler

Kats:
* landed 924394, 924407 (APZC)
* put 915831 and 923431 up for review (also APZC)
* reviewed 924478 (Fennec), 915645 and 922896 (APZC)

Botond:
* with Kats on APZC
* a platform bug for scroll-grab behaviour on B2G

Nicolas:
* Fennec top crasher (Flash plug-ins were crashing in layers code).  Two problems fixed, the remaining one needs rooted 4.3
* Will also look at PTexture stuff today

Markus:
* Looked into Australis performance with mconley
* Fixed OMTC crashes + enabled us to activate OMTC on 10.6
* Put SVG filter patches up for review in bug 924103

Bas:
* back from the summit, the session went well, one picked up a mentored bug
* Australis performance regressions from some Moz2D changes, but doesn't reproduce locally
* With JWatt - Moz2D and utility functions in the stateless future

James:
* SkiaGL performance on B2G, poppit (oom on hamachi)
* reviewed George's patch for Skia cache preference

Benoit:
* Landed https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=914823
* Triaged my assigned GFXB2G1.2 bugs
* draft blog post about browser/gfx security (filters...), looking for reviewers
* Talked with Ehsan about WeakPtr -> dev-platform thread
* Talked more with Sotaro and Ehsan about IPDL...

________________


Weekly - 2013/10/08
Kairo will decide what we do with OMTC on 10.6.  We're in beta, sizeable pref flip, so doing that could expose other regressions we don't know about.  These crashes are on all platforms. Since they're universal crashes, no point for 10.6 to be separate.  Let's do this on the trunk.


Lifetime conversation.  Weak pointers or how do we deal with IPDL lifetimes.  There are examples where we deal with layers without going through Layers.h.  Video goes through image bridge, canvas does something as well.  Surface allocation is tied to layers - this is unfortunate.


IPC crashers related to lifetime are a large group.  When the child crashes, it should not take the parent down.  The other one - shutdown sequence in the child should also not crash.
________________


