kats:
* landed bugs 923431(Axis::ScaleWillOverscroll contains a unit mismatch), 915831(APZC zoom does not consistently stop at the same place when bounded by overzoom)
* determining whether or not to uplift bug 904533 (APZ panning on about:start tab is wonky) and friends to beta (pushed to try)
* attended the meeting with UX about haida and dependencies on gfx/apzc
* discussed text selection stuff with ehsan and surface stuff with bjacob
* did 1:1s with mina and Botond

bjacob
* pushed 21 csets: https://hg.mozilla.org/integration/mozilla-inbound/pushloghtml?changeset=f76526b044af (Wow!)
* talked with kats, worked on figuring how EGL surface renewal works on Android, findings can be read here https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=925608 (Figure how EGLSurface renewal works on Android)

BenWa:
* Work on buffer unrotation. Implemented a (buggy) out of place unrotation but even that was much slower.
* review 925111, 902587

Bas:
* With Seth, work out the real solution during the work week (removing a prefix)
* With Matt on  Moz2D for blur - we can then HW accelerate all blurs
* With Markus on filter issues for D2D
* At time X, point along the cubic Bezier (decompose to quadratic Beziers)

Sotaro:
* Youtube ui freeze problem's regression rage is narrowed downed to one commit. It is merge from birch. almost change was multiple APZC support. I asked kats to investigate the bug.
* Bug 915010: incorrect screen shot in some b2g devices(leo). By disabling SkiaGL, the problem was fixed. It seems like SkiaGL/GLContext+Canvas related.
* mpeg4 seek failure. It is caused by buffer strvation on hw decoder. on b2g v1.1, compositor hold 1 buffer. But on v1.2, compoistor hold 2 buffers. It seems to cause buffer starvation.

Botond:
* finish up reviews
* possible 25 uplift, but a lot of dependencies, so not quite sure
* layer trees investigations (for scroll grabbing, etc.)

George:
* Fennec tracked bug
