bjacob
* Figured, wrote patch for a big big cause of leaks! See https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=902922 -- originally filed as a "WebGL leak" which is why I came across it, but in fact it's a general leak pattern where the cycle collector bails out because of an arbitrary size limit.
* koi+ SharedSurface_Gralloc crash https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=914823 is not actually fixed yet, but we don't have any STR anymore (only reproduced anymore by partner test procedure that involves device running for 8 hours...) . Have some theory to try. (Might be another GrallocBufferActor crash ... so far here we were only considering SurfaceAllocator being dead).
* Worked some more on android surface renewal (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=925608 ) not finished yet but probably know what is going wrong.
* Some benchmarking on branching in fragment shaders confirms that it's expensive on mobile GPUs - https://groups.google.com/d/msg/mozilla.dev.platform/tbmwTzE0Dxc/K3M3Au8mk-0J

kats:
* triaged some metro APZC bugs (see the dependency tree of bug 886321; I'm just working my way through that).
* bug 913909 was fixed yesterday by mbrubeck after i diagnosed it. yay!

BenWa:
* Buffer rotation. Bas' approach is 30% faster for vertical rotation. Applying review comments
* Looked more into how our b2g layer tree is. No luck with the background layer but investigating the behavior of the scrolling layer.

Botond:
* layers trees
* on linux, the layer was getting component alpha (BenWa thinks it's the widgets property)
* Metro issue, will try to reproduce on another device

Sotaro:
* working around media related bugs.
* some mp3 regresions are reported
* mpeg4 seek failure(Bug 925381) got review+
* camera bug(Bug 911387) seems to be caused by gen lock failure.

Nicolas:
* PTexture
* WebGL conformance test crash

Bas:
* filters, problem with D2D - assuming they operate on premultiplied values, have to check with Markus
* sorry, missed the details here :)
* hardware issues

________________


Weekly - 2013/10/15 - Oz, Kiwi
We will figure out during the work week what we want to do and how.
________________


