bjacob
* Trying to write up something about surfaces, from our sessions last week. Allow 1 day.
* Implementing the short-term solution for GrallocBufferActor crashes. Last-minute change last week: the solution is to make it refcounted and have a mIPCOpen flag that we set to false in DeallocPGrallocBuffer().
* Fixed a couple of webgl crashes: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=931335 , https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=928697
* Worked some more with njn and mccr8 on CC leaks: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=931491 , https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=902922

nical:
* Rebasing and reorganizing the PTexture patch queue
* writing down stuff from the work week (textures and hwcomposer)

Botond:
* dynamic toolbar, scrolling, using special (soon to be) css property
* will turn into scroll priority
* will try to get cwiiis into reviewing this work as well

Kats:
* got patches for the setResolution bug (732971)! testing on metro, to check regressions
* then fix metro to use it properly
* koi+ blocker (bug 923482)
* input thread rearranging code

Sotaro:
* design discussion for the simplification and unification of SurfaceDescriptor + TextureClient/Host pair
* one pixel fence may not work in some kinds of GPU - we may need to look for an alternative
* 1.2 and flatfish - a problem

jrmuizel:
* reading email
* Australis customize performance on OS X

Bas:
* Moz2D merging
* timing, need to implement curve flattening for the length calculations (for SVG)

George:
* Spent the weekend at MozFest, spent some time in the gaming web session with Vlad and was on hand to answer any questions regarding 2D canvas. Nobody asked anything :(
* Last week, spent the week mainly learning rather than anything else. Spent a lot of time trying to untangle how layers works so that I can start working on getting SkiaGL content rendering working. Have some patches locally that don't do anything (yet) but making some progress. Also worked with Vlad on getting SkiaGL content working on Windows at the workweek and also for a bit at MozFest.
* With pchang, jgilbert, handled the PDF corruption bug
* now screenshot corruption bug

________________


