MoCo meeting:
Launch in Brazil, LG phone, in time for the holiday season.  More South and Central America coming later this week.
Q4 goals, missed a bit of a boat, the reviews and detailed plans haven't been done for Q4.  May "reboot" for 2014.
Board meeting: tracking - dealing with the FUD.
https://intranet.mozilla.org/StaffMeeting/2013-10-28
________________


gw280:
* Continued plumbing work for skiagl content on linux/android
* screenshot corruption bug will need to borrow Leo device from the London office

Kats:
* landed bug 732971 (setResolution)
* working on bug 902505 (zooming on metro)
* did some reviews, attended some meetings, etc.

Jeff:
* australis performance, TART regressions on OS X
* 919454 - helping figure 

Botond:
* on Hamachi now, seems to be working OK now (bjacob helped)
* wip patches for the dynamic toolbar; black screen flickering, is it HWC related or OOM?
* some of the touch event bugs that were there on unagi seem to be gone on hamachi
* a few bugs that could be in the code itself, documenting and triaging

nical:
* fixing ptexture test failures
* reviews
* looking at an android flash problem (upside down for a time)
* documenting the surface descriptor/texture client-host unification status: Need to document the common interface (MozSurface) for TextureClient and Host.

Sotaro:
* Bug 905882(pmem fallback): it was commited to mc for hamachi by mwu. But it was backed out soon. mirror configuration was mis-spelled.
* responded to needinfo and reviewed a patch for camera
* Bug 932076(crash during video thumbnail generation): it was a regression from RTSP commit. A patch got review+ and going to checked-in
* Bug 929005(one only crash): From the crash log, the crash was caused by android srotrong pointer in android::Vecotor. It might be better to replace it by android::List(dobuley linked list)

bjacob:
* the koi+ crasher - with reference counting, is the patch going to be too large?

________________


