Sotaro:
* flickering bug, 922546, the regression range doesn't seem to be correct, a recent screenshot change in the system app fixes the flicker.  incorrect drawing happens sometimes during the screenshot.  but now it's  slow.
* Seems there is a graphics bug during the screenshot
* The workaround in master, but we have a problem

Botond:
* dynamic toolbar; incomplete implementation for the content controller in the parent process when the screen orientation gets the context disappearing
* coordinate system mixup

Jeff M:
* Australis on the Mac - XP is no longer blocking the landing
* spending more time in the swap; extra draw calls?
* shumway ideal: rasterize in JS,  composite with WebGL.  Fallback to composite with canvas. - this is not a  firm plan though - remains to be seen if it's workable in practice.

Kats:
* 902505  - Metro panning, pre-scaling and post-scaling patch fixes, but breaks B2G

Chris:
* started work on fixing the tile coherency check code (not broken a lot) - https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=931823
* refactoring to make it use typed units - https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=912148

James:
* SkiaGL texture purge under memory pressure
* Skia team has more aggressive cache eviction, will get it on the next rebase
* talk to shumway, see what they need on mobile

George:
* screenshot corruption bug - looks like 565 vs 888 - pchang has fixed a number of these in the past
* doesn't reproduce on non-Leo, will borrow one tomorrow in London

Nicolas:
* trouble rooting the Android phone - will try to borrow one instead
* PTexture work, some failing tests, cleaning the patch queue
* writing up semantics of the texture client/host usage
* locking and gralloc and texture per multiple layers are trouble

bjacob
* Wrote patches that make GrallocBufferActor refcounted, and add a refcounting wrapper for SurfaceDescriptor https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=932537
* Used it to make a patch that should fix koi+ https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=914823 - waiting for feedback from qualcomm

Dan:
* Bug 925940 -            [B2G][Contacts]Black area is drawn during Contact app re-starting
* Started invesigating this. Appears that while there is a period of FPS counter update the gutter areas are black. Once that stops, white appears.
* Asked on IRC about how to start investigating. 
* vvuk suggested "layerscope". 
* Started investigating updating layerscope since it looks very useful.

________________


