BenWa:
* Found the cause of the hang, bug in the tabbrowser.xml state machine combined with the new event I added. Landed
* Got new measurement of display port priority patch + paint supression. Both show good improvements on TPS. First presumably for slow to paint pages, the other for quick pages since we're decreasing the overhead
* Trying to debug the hang with the GC / GC patch for TPS, waiting on results
* Landed a fix for the WillChange warning



mchang
* Inset box shadows, fixing border radii / reftests
* Investigated slow about:newtab w/ Seth
* Delete PreciseRefreshDriverTimerDwmVsync



David:
* back on APZ now - CSS mix blend mode causes problems - scrollbars, etc.



Jeff G:
* texture refactor up for review - last time?  will rebase on top of render buffer that Dan's landing
* some things related to ANGLE, will talk to them
* some patches for new ANGLE pull
* debug render info issues in beta - where it's disabled



Dan:
* will try to land render buffer - green on try
* closed repos slowed things down
* frame buffer attachment parameter - r/g/b/size - issues with how we attach to FB



Jeff:
* WIndows 10 crashes
* ASAN convolver in the review queue



Andrew:
* ASAN with mesa drivers
* GL context code to know about alpha for surface sharing



Matt:
* DXVA on resolutions where HW doesn't support it?



Kyle:
* did the presentation!
* conformance tests to 1.0.3



Markus:
* patches in review



jnicol:
* still looking at nexus 6 crashes. didn't have much luck bisecting because crash was too inconsistent. attempting to find a more consistent test case.



kats:
* mostly reviewing markus' patches and dealing with dominique's questions for touch fluffing/zoomed view on Android
* need to redo a bit of my dynamic toolbar code to deal with a scenario I hadn't properly considered



botond:
  - reviewed bug 1191886 (avoid APZ test failures caused by rounding error)
  - addressed second round of feedback for bug 1180030 (conflict between overscroll animation and scroll snapping), posted updated patch
  - got an Aries build working, tried to repro bug 1191573 (rendering of subframe when zoomed) but wasn't able to
  - got MozReview test environment working again, looking into bug 1170155



ashughes
* continuing to work on gfx stability trends http://i.imgur.com/VxONwJR.png (more to come but let me know if this is interesting)



sotaro
* Bug 1192352(video tearing on HDMI TV) updated. Asking review.
* Looking into android's HDMI



________________


