Nical:
* reviews and triage
* windows implementation of the TaskScheduler



BenWa:
* Found the cause of the TPS GC patch with the help of jmaher, it was related to the webserver differences, not really my change. Landed
* Did a full review of the CSS Painting API Level 1
* Half working displayport suppression for resize on Windows



kats:
* landed a patch for bug 1191277
* lots of try pushes to figure out android reftest wackiness. asked gbrown to just increase the emulated screen size for android api9 since it's too small.
* some reviews



botond:
  - continuing to work with :bagder to investigate bug 1193541 (can't access Google properties with Linux Nightly)
  - continuing to help Randall investigate Fennec APZ issues
  - wrote patch for bug 1193930 (pinch interpreted as pan when overscrolled), posted for review
  - wrote partial implementation of phase 1 of background-fixed work, building on Markus' initial patches
          - the patches fix bug 1187804 (async scrolling of fixed-pos element inside iframe), intend to land them there
          - another test case (written by Markus, involving multi-FrameMetrics) is still failing, need more changes to AsyncCompositionManager to fix it
  - making progress of MozReview contribution (bug 1170155)



jnicol:
* the steps I thought I'd worked out for reproducing nexus 6 crashes reliably were actually reproducing an older bug. that bug should be easy to fix now but not much progress on nexus 6 crashes
* started looking at security bug 1191463



mchang
* Windows 10 vsync
* inset box shadows, 1 reftest failure left



Bas
* he went to siggraph



sotaro
* Bug 1112589(some can't be full-screened) This seems to be caused by system app's window manager. Forward the bug to window manager
* Bug 1194249(hdmi audio route change) The route is changed correctly, but audio volume was too small. Looking into android audio volume control mechanism.



kyle:
* webgl conformance 1.0.3 test update



mattwoodrow:
* landed video patches (performance is better now)



andrew:
* talos fixed



jrmuizel:
* intel driver bisection. Bothered jgilbert to get a patch out of him



________________


