Nical:
        DrawTargetTiled: have a new patch on try, not sure it will solve the issue, but hopeful
        OMTC Linux: The jankiness with the synchronous X11 calls removed is specific to e10s and doesnt happen if gecko is profiled by cleopatra or perf. Out of ideas.
        Noticed that we are not doing the optimal thing with the gralloc binding logic in thiled layers, not sure we care at the moment but good to know if we run into compositor thread perf issues: Bug 1139401



botond:
        landed bug 1136914 (subframe rendering issue when zoomed)
        relanded bug 1136971 (layer border issue with multi-FrameMetrics)
        mentoring bug 1068871 (fit entire viewport onto screen on page load)
        working on apz-css-transforms stage 3 (bug 1036967)
        have WIP patches, need more testing



mchang
        1139090 - random crashes with vsync refresh driver
        1136781 - memory leak on windows
        1019840 - intermittent with vsync refresh driver
        1138502 - vsync compositor on os x talos regression due to oscillating enable / disable vsync
        1138735 - fallback to software vsync



David:
        APZ failures on try; event region/layout one more - now polish left?  lot of it is timing



Jerry:
        intermittent failures for the refresh driver
        SW v-sync source modifications keep try green
        with SW v-sync, should we reuse or create a new thread for each restart?





kats:
        wrote some patches for bug 1139155, to better test APZ code
        wrote a patch for bug 1139153, to remove the containerless scrolling pref which is true everywhere
        working on bug 1137875, an fd leak with e10s+progressive painting+apzc



mstange:
        found problem with spinlock, everything's green now (bug 1137963)
        finished rebasing my paintedlayer recycling patches, going to write tests now (bug 913443)
        looked at tresize vsync profiles with mchang
        tracked down why Nightly doesn't launch on 10.10.3, jemalloc3 was at fault (bug 1139036)



sotaro
        MSE dormant. Updated a patch and checked-in to m-i.
        OpenL build
        OpenL build fails by "./build.sh", instead  only "./build.sh gecko" work. By locally modifying the code locally, fixed the build failure problem. I flashed system.img and user.img to OpenL, but OpenL's crash problem was not fixed.



________________


