Nical:
        Some more stuff on splitting the reftest on linux for OMTC
        mostly worked on bug 1125848, the patch I pushed to beta shows something is bad but it may not be related to the issue this bug is tracking. relanded the patch without the failing assertion to be sure. working on another patch that makes sure CreateCompositor never overwrite an already existing CompositorParent which would also show the same symptoms.



kats:
        landed overscroll pref tweaks, bug 1136311
        landed fix for fd leakage, bug 1137875
        investigating hwc failure, bug 1139541 - seems to be a combination of factors, lots of bisecting involved
        spent some time working on a patch to disable CSS animations that are not visible, bug 962594. seems like an easy fix with lots of benefit that nobody is working on
        looked into some touch event wonkiness in bug 1139575, put up a couple of patches but there are likely more issues still



botond:
  - attended SMC-JTC1-SC22 meeting
         - points of interest: TS voting procedure changes, C++ concepts, C floating point extensions
  - reviewed patches for Kats (bug 1139397, bug 1136311), dzbarsky (bug 1139258), paul (bug 1138252), dvander (bug 1139845)
  - investigated and diagnosed a mysterious compiler warning (bug 1139547)
  - continued mentoring bug 1068871 (fitting entire viewport onto screen on page load)
  - finished working on patches for bug 1036967 (apz-css-transforms, stage 3), posted them for review
         - dogfooding MozReview for the first time
  - as follow-up to bug 1036967, filed bug 1139675 (simplifying APIs for getting and setting the pres shell resolution)



mchang
        1138502 - Talos regression from 6% to 3%, had to repush to try due to profiler crashing
        1019840 - intermittent with vsync refresh driver, disable the test due to probably a large fix in imgFrame.
        1139090 - Random crashes with vsync refresh driver, can't reproduce even if artificially delay main thread, but it's the only thing that makes sense from crash reports
        1123762 - enable vsync refresh driver, new intermittents :/, retriggering to see if proposed fixes also work with vsync refresh driver
        Tried to setup Windows 8.1



jrmuizel:
        more information gathering on missing repaints (bug 1067470)
        two sets of very mysterious symptoms
        It looks like there's a partial device lost, i.e. some swap chains return DEVICE_LOST on present, others don't
        Other people don't see any device lost
        debugging a VisitEdges problem (bug 1126644)
        looked into the remaining graphics memory OOMs. No guesses as to where the memory is going



Bas:
        subpixel AA related
        black rectangles - still some reproduction in one case from QA
        TDR, outside of the explainable (though high percent, 10%), but we get a lot of reports of no-driver-reset, have to figure out with Vladan what's going on



mstange:
        have working patches for eager layer splitting (bug 984219 + bug 1136304), need to write tests now
        looked into bug 1139863 (crash in UpdateCommonClipCount) with jeff, couldn't explain it
        noticed that StrokeRect is still slow on Mac
        reviewed a bunch of profiler patches from shu
        fixed profiling regression (bug 1132586), you can get stack traces on Linux again



sotaro
        bug 1137515 (Enable WebRTC on gonk L) - Fix build failure when enabling WebRTC on gonk L.  Found  readlink() is blocked by sandbox. On gonk L,  readlink() uses  readlinkat().  Created a new bug(Bug 1140111) for it. H.264 WebRTC still do not work correctly.
        Bug 1135078(Youtube MSE playback slow start) - CORS errors were in the console. It seems to cause slowness. Jet asked to check the peformance when disabling CORS. Firefox seems not have a config to disable CORS. By modifying the code, disabled CORS, but performance is still bad compared to IE.



________________


