Nical
        landed the reftest split, we can enable OMTC on linux as soon as it is put in production
        My patch for bug 1125848 had a refcounting problem, fixed it and pushed to try
        Looked at Bug 1123080. do we still have a reason to keep gfxD2DSurface (now that D3D10 layers are a thing of the past)?



kats:
        landed patches from bug 1140578 and bug 1137267
        requested uplift on various patches
        trying to figure out what's going on with HWC on 2.2, bug 1139541. trying uplifting a bunch of stuff from master to see what fixed it, not making much progress



mchang
        1140978, 1139090 - Vsync refresh driver crash. Use after free in IPC in low memory / NUWA situations
        1141361 - Reuse the vsync thread on windows



jrmuizel
        Landed D3D11 preserve drawing buffers patch
        Landed a ANGLE conformance crash
        Tab switch investigation
        Going to try to buy hardware for reproducing
        Meeting a man at the subway tonight
        The following things fix drawing:
        Right clicking (open context menu)
        Opening the options menu
        Switching window focus
        Minimizing
        Resizing
        Waiting (sometimes? not sure)



bas
        TDR triggering



sotaro
        Bug 1131951(dolphin seek problem) When gecko side owns 5 video frame, OMXCodec becomes out-of-video buffer when OMXCodec::read() is called. on b2g v2.1/v2.1s, MDSM tries to own more video buffers  than necessary. Bug 1121692 seems to fix it. But the size of the patch is huge. I tried to apply only necessary part to b2g v2.1s, the problem seems fixed on my side.
        Bug 1141311 (Add async mode to GonkNativeWindow on Lollipop gonk) Without it, GonkNativeWindow is going to accumulate buffers in it. Started to implement.
        Bug 1140677(Add RTPFragmentationHeader handling). Checked-in and merged to m-c.





________________


