kats:
        wrote tests for bug 962594
        trying to reproduce test failures for containerless-root on fennec, ran into bug 1136363 and bug 1142149, put up patches for those. unable to reproduce results from try, so trying on b2g now
        also verifying with try pushes that the dependencies for the HWC failure (bug 1139541) are safe to uplift to 2.2
        made a logging patch for bug 1139469 so codeaurora people can get more info on their monkeytest failure



mchang
        1139090 - Random crashes caused by race condition between NUWA, IPC channel initialization on main thread, and PVsync construction message on ipc thread
        1137905 vsync compositor on OSX enabled by default
        vsync compositor on windows talos testing
        Setup windows 8.1



Nical:
        OMTC on Linux landed (inbound) \o/
        still poking at the different windows beta bugs i am assigned to, writing patches to tighten assertions in the process.
        For DrawTargetTiled, pushed to try a patch that adds silly colors to see where the black rectangles come from, but they aren t the initial color, not the clear color, so if they are on the content side I have no idea where they are coming from (I didn t think it could be on the compositor side though).
        (can you add me to the call?)



mstange:
        finished my reftest harness patch and got it reviewed (bug 1142211), allows to test whether a layer is opaque and whether two elements end up in the same layer
        apparently bug 913443 broke hoisting (bug 1141595), should find out a way to write a test for it
        tried to find the reason for my 10% windows XP CART regression (bug 1141247), but the profiled runs don't show a regression in the numbers, I might have pushed the wrong stuff



jrmuizel:
        tab painting
        I have readback happening but no one has tested it yet
        I haven't been able to reproduce with the video card that I bought :(
        someone found some content that seemed to have an effect on the reproducibility
        landed visit edges fix
        try server gives mac failures on 10.6



sotaro
        bug 1142071(WebGL WaitForBufferOwnership() handling regression on gonk) Created a patch and merged to m-c
        bug 1137515(Enable WebRTC) - merged to m-c.
        OpenL revived. It was bricked when trying full flash. But it does not provide full build environment. Therefore, it could not be used for development except gaia.
        Did comment to asm.js about adding gralloc map capability.
        Related to FoxEye project, asm.js is going to add gralloc map capability. They wanted to know about the possibility of multiple mapping of gralloc.



Bas:
        TDR handling



________________


