bas:
* Trying to understand reftest failure, intermittent on try.
* Continued work on the DIB stuff. Share code between basic comp/d3dx compositors.
* Worked with jwatt on moz2d regressions.

Nical:
* the cairo clip fix seems to break clipping of the text in the awesomebar if using lightweight themes. I haven't figured out why yet, though. It seems to affect clips that have several paths
* wrote most of yesterday's discussion (not online yet)
* tried to land the 2 TextureClient create+allocate in one go patches, got backed out, fixed the patches.
* Discussions with community engagement people

BenWa:
* Fixing regressions with display list dumps.
* Gaia meeting
* Patch to show display list address in dumps + profile. Can correlate display item with their paint costs.
* Looked at firetext app with botond.
* Looked into measuring the tiling overhead for internal fragmentation with a memory reporter

kats:
* landed bugs 1035801 (printf cleanup), 1035356 (input event stuff), 1027593 (low-res blocker)
* uplifted a few 2.0 blockers that were baking on m-c
* handed off overscroll blockers to botond for now
* going back to bug 1009733 to clean up content-listener and state code in APZ

jrmuizel
* Worked on region padding. The region edge visiting code seems to work now. Just need to finish hooking up the tile padding.

botond:
* a few more reviews for Kats (bug 1035356, bug 1027593)
* gave feedback on Kats' patch for bug 1021085 (progressive tiling regression)
* wrote patch with alternative apptoach for bug 1031067 (stuck in overscrolled state after two-finger panning)
* investigated bug multi-layer-apz comment 10, where we fail to async scroll in the Firetext app 
* noticed app is continuously repainting; filed bug 1036100
* looked at display list dump with Timothy, seems unrelated to multi-layer-apz; split out as bug 1036119
* turns out we actually do async scroll (it just seems slow due to all the repaints), but we don't over scroll

sotaro:
* Bug 1034294 - Fix SharedBufferManagerParent landed
* Bug 1010966 - Fixed genlock failure on gonk. Checking tryserver result.

Dan:
* WebGL2, transform feedback
* issue with textures and weak references, some interesting circular dependencies
* rebasing the work to make it possible for Walter to join in on the project

Jerry:
* Enable vsync at Hwc
* Reformat patch
* Create a bug to trace vsync event delay at b2g

Peter:
* two b2g layout related bugs; should have a patch today

Mason:
* Getting APZ to respond to touch events off main thread, mostly fixing corner cases.

Walter:
* landing patches, started an ANGLE update, starting WebGL2 with Dan

Jeff:
* you can now ask for WebGL on Android, not just experimental WebGL (not B2G yet)
* anti-aliasing, we don't need AA for negligible quality improvement - should get better performance now
* ARM assembly code - why is lazy make current 20% slower in some cases; doesn't sound like we can use a lot of help from ARM at this point
* design for WebGL compositing is up and for design

________________


