BenWa:
* Paint flashing has landed
* Homescreen memory problem
* Worked on making refcounting destructor private. gfx is one of the worse offenders. Found a few potential real problem.

kats:
* continued work on bug 1009733 and a bug to clean up gtests (bug 1037591) so that i can write proper tests for the behaviour I'm changing. starting to split my big patches into smaller things so i can get them reviewed more easily.

botond:
  - bug 1034376 (vertical homescreen locking up, 2.0+ blocker)
         - did Flame build and repro'd and debugged the problem
         - wrote patch, posted for review
         - will write gtest as follow-up
  - bug 1037191 (bug in touch event logic related to overscrolling, found by Mason)
         - fixed mistakes in patch, did Try push, landed
         - patch solves the stuck-in-overscroll problem Mason was experiencing
  - discussion with Ehsan, Jeff, Benoit and others about goings-on at C++ committee meeting
         - (a blog post is still in the works)
  - discussion with Jeff and the Benoits about quads and projective transforms
         - (I learned a lot, thanks!)
  - filed bug 1037624 for a problem, discovered by Jeff, with the background color drawing for overscroll

bas:
* Looked into with no subpixel in the test and the reference. Failed because they never get subpixel-AA. *dicussing on how to fix it*.
* Close on the (tiled?) drawtarget patch.

sotaro
* dolphin's camera recording crash bug.
* Found the cause of the problem created the patch. Waiting a review.
* SharedBufferManagerParent leak
* created the first patch. But it has a problem. I am going to update the patch.

jrmuizel:
* Working on reordering the container layer rendering. Have a patch that seems reasonable.

________________


