If your 2.0+ directly or indirectly blocks https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1011657, increase the try run priority to get the results quicker.


Jeff:
* reordeing rendering (helps with animating group opacity), fails try
* padding patch (ugly line) in review

Nicolas:
* commented on some b2g blockers, with varying success (destructor needed to be on main thread)
* windows flickering (logging and assertions on try, but Matt pointed out a race condition)
* different heuristics for fennec and b2g for scrollable layers - on purpose? (Java vs. native APZ controller)
* how do we delay widget destruction?

Bas:
* DIB fixes pushed (OMTC + subpixel AA)
* black rectangles with OMTC bug still elusive
* capture backend passes tests, can't replay with all transforms (just offset for now, enough for tiling)

Sotaro:
* 2.0+ blockers - camera recording landed, two more similar bugs exist, codeaurora found another, similar usecase, they're checking if it's fixed
* shared ..... parent, no crash today, same patch, main thread destruction
* media bug as well, helping with 2.0+
* Flame with low memory config, fail to start some applications, unclear it has anything to do with graphics

kats:
* landed bug 1038930, bug 1009733, bug 988494 for the touch input fixes i've been working on. 2/5 patches got backed out for bustage/mochitest failures, fixing now.
* got a new 2.0 blocker that i'll look at today

botond:
* bug 1034376 (stuck on homescreen)
* was uplifted to aurora, the test had build failures due to a missed dependency
* uplifted dependency, now the test had ASAN failures
* backed out test, tried to do a local ASAN build, succeeded after many tries, will look into failures there
* reviewed big patch (bug 1009733, APZ state) and a few small patches for Kats
* bug 1036119 (layers which are both fixed-pos and scrollable)
* made another attempt to fix reftest failures
* bug 1035598 (overscrolling horizontally shrinks content upward)
* played around with it a bit, got a reduced test case
* problem does not have to do with CSS transforms, something more fundamental is wrong with the overscroll transform

BenWa:
* Landed performance warnings
* Landed public destructor cleanup
* Working on getting image layers for b2g background
* Filed bug 1038988. Should bring us from 3.13 MB of gralloc to 0.6 MB

Jerry:
* Create bug 1035076 to trace vsync latency problem.
* Have a patch to log the latency. Will update the log with current WIP implementation to bug 1035076.

Peter:
* layout related blocker
* 2.0+ blocker - found a way to reproduce it, will try to fix this week

Dan:
* rebasing patches for WebGL2, with the latest ANGLE
* instancing demo stopped running, regression from other changes - backburner
* texture support work active

Mason:
* Testing bug 930939 w/ all the silk patches. Overall mixed results, slow scrolling is better, fast scrolling iffy.

Walter:
* WebGL conformance patches
* Started WebGL2 (frame buffer functions)
* ANGLE issues, Vlad is looking at some that can't reproduce
* After these patches, only about 200 tests away from conformance

________________


