Nicolas:
* Bug 1014355: It'd be great if we could separate the deallocation of Widget and the deallocation of the paltform stuff (GLX, Gtk, and friends). Otherwise it's tricky to find all of the X11TextureClient that are used by  th media code and are deallocated very late (during cycle collection).
* Bug 1015718 (black flickering): patch works, waiting for review
* Bug 1017781 (b2g shutdown crash in ~ISurfaceAllocator)
* doesn't block sotaro's work anymore but can still happen if shutdown happens in a certain order. Not clear how to fix this without adding yet another synchronous call. Need to chat with bjacob about it.
* Patches up for review in bug 1039535 (1 step TextureClient creation)
* ImageBridge is getting disabled with e10s which is sad (intermittent issue somewhere between IPDL and our code, maybe, I looked at it but didn't get very far).

benwa:
* Review for mozAfterRemotePaint
* Wrote a sample gaia patch to remove splash images
* Looked into layers tree for video playback and webRTC
* Looking into layers count issue. Trying to simplify the region for the homescreen icon

kats:
* tried a patch with draws a solid background behind low-res stuff (bug 1038214). BenWa pointed out some problems with it that i need to look into
* filed bug 1040906 with patch to clean up matrix conversion functions
* filed bug 1040986 with patch to add some new simpler APIs to nsIntRegion
* wrote up a patch for bug 973096 which seems to mostly work. fixes some hit detection problems in APZC that get worse with mason's work. need to clean that up and test it some more
* finally able to reproduce bug 1034240 and just wrote a patch for it

botond:
* on PTO Friday
* landed assertion-fix patch for bug 1030803 (crash in DeferOrRunPendingTask())
* landed patch for bug 1036119 (fixed-position + scrollable layer) which finally passed all reftests
* blog post about C++ committee meeting at http://theres-waldo.ca/2014/07/17/trip-report-c-standards-committee-meeting-in-rapperswil-june-2014/

Sotaro:
* b2g memory leak/freeing tiled layer gralloc, on central now
* b2g media bugs

Jeff:
* rendering reordering landed
* region padding has issues on try, one fixed, there may be more

________________


