Bas:
* back from PTO
* OMTC bugs review
* capture draw target

Sotaro:
* tracking some dolphin issues - very large patch
* PTO staring on Friday, media bug coverage

kats:
* bisected down bug 1041608 which results in a lot of low-res on b2g. still waiting for roc on that
* landed bug 1040986 and bug 1040906 to make nsIntRegion and matrix conversions better. needs some follow-up
* came up with a slightly modified approach for bug 1038416 so that we disable the opacity change for low-res content that isn't opaque and then draw the background color for stuff we do still reduce the opacity for. seems to fix all the cases we've run into so far.
* trying to bisect startup crash on fennec but it's proving to be difficult

botond:
* reviewed some patches for Kats
* bug 1040226 (stuck after overscroll handoff to parent frame)
* debugged, wrote fix, got reviewed, will land today
* bug 1041471 (stuck in overscroll after tapping notification bar)
* debugged, wrote fix, got reviewed, will land today
* bug 1035598 (overscroll transform is dependent on position on screen)
* implemented Matt's fix suggestion, posted for review
* will address review comments today
* bug 1007728 (do not call UpdatePanZoomControllerTree for repeat transactions)
* dusted off patch, posted it for review

Nical
* Picked up bug 1041744 (missing null-check, crash when tile allocation failed)
* landed the two create-and-allocate-in-1-step patches
* pushed to try a patch that makes texture allocation fail every ten attempts to see how well we support this edge case (which happens when we run out of [video-]memory.
* https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Try&rev=0ffc67d21ad4
* highlights areas where we should handle failure but we don’t
* showed a bug where we fall-back to a different texture type and end up in a situation that the component-alpha code on the compositor side doesn't handle, and crash. (Bug 1042041)

BenWa:
* Looking into moving tiled culling to container layer. Boost edit mode homescreen FPS to 60 with will-change
* Adding a new typedef unit RenderTargetPixel and converting clipping calculation to use them.

jrmuizel:
* Landed the region padding code
* Looked into upstreaming the pixman region bug that roc found in bug 1022612, looks like the bug is actually different than roc thought
* Figured out a working AppendElement taking an r-value reference. This will let us have UniquePtrs in nsTArrays
* Reviewed BenWa's culling and kat's region api changes
* Started the review of Bas's capture drawtarget
* Mostly decided what to do about the subpixel blending failures caused by skia content
* Landed UniquePtr conversion for gfxBlur and ShmemTextureHost

________________


