BenWa:
* culling patch (units), should be done
* some internal discussions
* terminal.com investigation

Jeff:
* looking at 3 vs. 4

Sotaro:
* media codec issue, looking for a simpler way to fix the issue

Bas:
* OMTC triage
* readback layers, will probably need new API

Jerry:
* typhoon day-off
* Bug 1039159 - check nsTArray crash in apzc. It looks like that we access nsTArray in both compositor and main thread. Discuss with Kats about this problem.
* Bug 1035076 - provide a simple way to check the vsync event latency(show all raw timing data or show statistics timing data)
* checking why we get a large delay to dispatch the vsync event to compositor and content refresh driver

kats:
* landed some more follow-ups for nsRegion and nsIntRegion API changes, bug 1040986
* landed patches for bug 1038416 to kill the opacity reduction in some cases and draw the background color underneath in the rest
* helped tn track down some fixes for regressions from bug 1022612. (specifically, he fixed bug 1041510 and we verified 1041608 was a dupe of 1041200)
* spent this morning catching on feedback/review requests
* stole bug 1039159 from jerry and put up some patches for it
* i may have broken metro a little bit with the touch input block stuff. the fix code will probably be needed on fennec and B2G root-process-apz as well so i'd like to fix that soonish. will also help the pointer events people

botond:
* reviewed a patch for Kats
* bug 1041751 (empty APZ test data buckets accumulate, using up memory)
* landed simple fix, but was backed out for Gaia integration test failures
* will investigate today
* landed bug 1040226 (stuck in overscroll after handoff to parent element)
* landed bug 1041471 (stuck in overscroll after tapping notification bar)
* bug 1035598 (overscroll transform is position-dependent)
* addressed review comments, posted new patches for review
* looked briefly at bug 989403 (transform: scale)

Nical:
* looking at the remaining linux omtc blocker
* reviews and feedbacks
* patches in bug 1042052 to fix the component alpha issue when texture allocation can fail
* patch almost ready for bug 1041744 (actually, should be ready, on try atm)

Walter:
* WebGL framebuffer
* texture float related spec vs. reality

Dan:
* texture float related spec vs. reality
* layer scope reviews (Morris)
* webgl2 texture 3d functions
* will try tracking closer what the games team is up to

Peter:
* keyboard app related issue - 0.5 pixel issue, with 1.5x
* image repeat - some reftests failing - lower priority

________________


