Bas:
* tricky readback issues
* sampling restricted drawables with Matt
* a bug on nightly regression? from the partial uploading

Jeff:
* memory usage on B2G - are tiles the culprit?
* will look at the eviction

BenWa:
* Landed tile fragmentation
* Have a failure to sort out with the clipping. Looks simple

Nical:
* Bug 1041416: patch up to fix the same DXGI race condition as bug 1015718 but with D3D9
* Bug 1042771 (2.0+) took the bug from sotaro while he's on PTO, found an error in the patch that was backed out, not sure it explains the test failure,
* on try servers atm.
* Bug 1043929: found a potential bug with mask effects, simple patch
* wrote a patch to strengthen assertions in the Host side and in particular assert that different texture types have the same contracts (hopefully will help with bug 1043426
* Bug 1043426: crash when something goes wrong with masks on a container layer, have a patch to make it warn instead of crashing, still looking at what could lead to this state.
* Linux OMTC: yesterday's try push still has the reftest timeout on linux debug, doesn't reproduce on my computer even when running the full suite of reftests.

kats:
* mostly spent yesterday getting metro into working shape. it flushed out a couple of bugs (1042734, 1043719) in the APZ code so it wasn't that much of a waste. things are good now, need to figure out how to restore the pointercancel event that was broken
* landed bug 973096 to improve the hit testing in APZ code, should fix some of the "things in the background are scrollable” bugs
* removed a faulty assertion, bug 1043663
* responding to various bugs and needinfos

botond:
* reviews
* bug 1032880 (spammy warning about transparent displayports)
* fixed bustage and relanded
* bug 1041751 (empty APZ test data buckets accumulating)
* landed initial fix that increments sequence numbers
* discovered real cause of problem, landed proper fix
* bug 1042168 (overscroll background on google.com black when going through search results)
* QA established this was a Gaia regression, but I investigated the platform side to understand the cause
* google.com website has transparent background, so whatever is underneath shows through
* bug 989403 (transform:scale causes no repainting)
* investigated some more, needed to back out bug 1016481 and remove an extra line to reproduce the problem

________________


