Bas:
* readback, having to deal with buffer rotation now

Nical:
* loads of Moz2Dification reviews from dzbarsky
* landed some of the patches I wrote on Friday (Bug 1043929)
* Looking at Bug 985772

gw280:
* Want to land a Skia update this week as we are two or three trains overdue
* Huge number of API changes. I've managed to get it compiling now on Linux and Android, but it segfaults on startup.
* Biggest concern right now is they removed their SkRefPtr class, and they favour manually calling unref() in dtors internally. Chromium I believe uses their own implementation of SkRefPtr. We can probably do something similar (or just call unref() manually).
* There's also a bunch of deprecated APIs that we are still using
* I also keep trying to ping them re. Skia content patches that we've submitted upstream, but no response as of yet. Will keep trying.

BenWa:
* Reviews for asm.js profiling support.
* Investigating b2g memory difference
* Requested bug 1024148 blocked v2.0

kats:
* friday was unproductive. many meetings and too much noise (bathroom reno)
* updated patches for bug 1043644 to fix a composition bounds problem on metro
* catching up on some of the smaller bugs that I'd like to close out (e.g. 1020547) and maybe try to work on fennec-apz

botond:
* bug 989403 (transform:scale not getting repainted correctly)
* debugged with Timothy's help, was invalidation issue
* posted patch for review
* bug 1042974 (fling on scrollgrab element)
* wrote up diagnosis in comment

________________


