Notables:
* content/canvas/src moved to dom/canvas.  Jeff M. was consulted about this.
* * Josh Morton is an intern (on 



BenWa:
* debugging the clipping issue: widget and render target use offset differently, get the double transform

Jeff:
* cleaned up discarding back buffers, r+, ready to land
* mozjpeg 3.0

Bas:
* readback layer, backed out, a few rounds on try, stuck on inbound
* we may want to black list some drivers on aurora, but enable d2d1.1 on nightly instead
* bing maps slow - large layers (8k^2) with software takes 220ms+ just to draw…
* may need a layout help on some of these

Nical:
* spent some time on the two b2g blockers, they are landed now except one that needs an uplift
* Trying to understand what's up with empty shadow visible regions on the compositor side (makes container layers crash if they need to render to an intermediate surface).
* I have a patch that fixes the crash but not sure if fixing the problem or the symptom.
* reviews
* tried to implement the visual feedback thing for broken tiles, turned out to be a bit trickier than hoped so put it on the side
* went through OMTC windows bugs, trying to figure out those that are still happening and closing the others.

gw280:
* Think I've fixed the win32 debug build problem, now looking at the memory leak
* Got jeff's patches. yay!
* Jeff needs to email back Cary today to convince them to take the other patch

kats:
* landed bug 1046292 (TaskThrottler robustification), bug 1046428 (remove unneeded constant), bug 992122 (some APZ docs)
* put up initial WIP patches for apz-fennec on bug 1046344. still a lot more to do
* investigated bug 1043689, testing patch now
* investigated bug 1046504 and have some STR so i should be able to track it down
* looked through latest version of mason's off-main-thread input patches
* merged m-c to the metro project tree so i can finish up the pointercancel business

botond:
* bug 923512 (strongly-typed coordinate classes)
* worked around gcc ICE
* got patch to build on all platforms, cleaned it up, posted it for review
* landed bug 989403 (transform:scale not being repainted)
* filed a bug about the reftest that I couldn't get to work
* bug 1046013 (assertion during APZ hit testing)
* caught an actual bug, fixed it
* reviewed patches for Kats (bug 1046292, bug 1046428)
* C++ discussions with Ehsan/Jeff/Trevor



Let’s make sure we talk about these as they pop up?
1. We have an intern working on moving WebGL to workers. (https://phonebook.mozilla.org/#search/jmorton) Luckily Jeff Gilbert knew of it, but should anyone doing work on WebGL be involved with graphics team? It makes me nervous that we have an intern doing this work because my spider senses tell me this is going to be fraught with dangerous sharp objects that need to be avoided.
2. 

________________


