aosmond
* continued looking into flickering
* bug 1319025 (animated png misrendered) -- found regressing bug, but it seems as if our original rendering was broken and that fixed it; investigating



nical
* quantum video meeting
* yuv work (almost there!)
* investigating what looks like an off by one error in WR's texture cache
* my units refactoring landed



kvark:
* WR PR reviews
* WR clip generator:
* investigating servo test failures
* finishing up the PR
* testing with wr-sample
* implementing layer clip cache update
* getting wrench working on Linux



lee
* landed box shadow stuff again, managed to avoid backouts
* security bug farming
* reviews



kats:
* updated in-tree WR with latest upstream. now the in-tree is exactly the same as upstream which should make it easy to update
* working on getting reftests automation going
* reviews etc



jrmuizel
* have the skia converter mostly working so far. Hope to have numbers very soon now



rhunt:
* Tested multiple restarts with the gpu process
* Trying to reproduce an apz + gpu process intermittent
* Investigated an apz hit testing issue
* Starting looking into filtering out form inputs with scroll tracking





Sotaro, Jerry, Morris and Nical.


We discussed the specifics of the texture sharing logic in a WebRender world, how to allocate the ids in the content process and a the general architecture (skipping that part in the notes, ping me if you want to hear more about it).
The important pieces for texture sharing are starting to come together and on both the WebRender and Gecko side. Working with the gfx mercurial repo is great.


# Status


Sotaro:
Running into an IPDL bug related to #include ordering in the generated code when referencing PLayer or PCompositable in PWebRenderBridge.ipdl (looks like it can be worked around by tweaking includes).
Progress on CompositorOGL
Working on getting reftests to work (using shmem for snapshot)


Jerry:
Investigating black texture bug with our initial external image integration.
Will look into using compositable client/host with WR


Morris:
Various integration tweaks (like adding a pref to disable/enable WebRender's profiler)
Nical:


Strongly typed units
YUV image support






________________


