ashughes
* further debugging on behalf of :kip for https://bugzil.la/1325810
* set up sql-telemetry queries for in anticipation of https://bugzil.la/1314173 being resolved



kvark
* figuring out moz-git-tools, proper patch formatting, mochitest erratas, etc
* WR PR reviews, discussing the new clip logic with Glenn
* more YAML case debugging, fixing the case Jeff found



jnicol
* Filed 1329968 from whatsapp investigation. Patch on try currently
* Experimenting to find fix for 1328933 (another whatsapp problem) but it might be too difficult



gw280
* Investigated canvas fallback heuristic stuff. wasn't working. have patch now.
* Back to looking at gpu process in-process start then switch to out-of-process
* Last day of antibiotics so will be in the office tomorrow! \o/



rhunt
* Investigated implementing preserve-3d attribute in qr



aosmond
* continued WR/imagelib work, reconsidered how animated images integrate, much simpler



mchang
* CG fonts and subpixel AA in WR



kats:
* got some r+s, landed stuff
* working on bug 1326421 to allow WR windows and non-WR windows to coexist



lee
* reviews
* looking into some reftest fails caused by Skia crash fix and also print_via_parent stuff
* investigating gradients in webrender for radial gradients



jrmuizel
* tried to get mask layers working again
* found a bug in masking in webrender with a reduced test case
* put up a WIP of a reftesting framework for wrench.





Nical's Taipei meeting:
Here are my notes from the quantum video meeting, in which we don't talk about video anymore these days:


We talked about the compositor/render thread split and how to split compositables, textures and the compositor to separate what need to happen on the compositor thread from what needs to happen on the renderer thread. (compositor thread meaning "ipc receiver thread" in the discussions we had in Hawaï).
We'll probably split the compositor API in two, the WebRenderCompositor would only implement the compositor-thread specific things, the gpu-facing bits would move to the renderer abstraction and the non-webrender compositors would implement both (in order to stay compatible with TextureHost/Source). TextureHost would then depend on the Compositor while TextureSource would depend on the Renderer.


Current status:


Jerry
* Working on the WebRender update issues (gl context creation failure on try).
* External image work is blocked on that.
* Nical
* Working on the render thread
   * Landing some code in the branch, the code is not actually used yet, it's just there so that people can look at it, review it and maybe help out.
   * Render thread creation works
   * creating a renderer on the render thread works 
   * shutting down a renderer requires a patch in webrender, so it's blocked on the wr update.
   * can't draw yet.
   * it does not use the compositor api (at least not yet)
   * Sotaro
* Working on making the gl bindings dynamic in WebRender
* 


Blockers:
The WebRender update is blocking:
* External image
* Enabling the render thread (although there is a lot to do before being unable to make progress)

The render thread work is blocking:
* figuring out the last details of how to do texture sharing.



Next steps:


Nical
* Continue working on the render thread.
* Will be in Toronto next week and the week after.
* Sotaro
* Continue working on gl bindings.

Jerry
* Continue working on the WebRender update.
* Will go through the compositor API and figure out what belongs to the compositor thread and what needs to be moved to the render thread.



Open questions:
* Can we get away with only supporting tiled painted layers (no .rotated buffer)?
   * Means we don't use D2D for (scrollable) SVG
* Can we get away with not implementing the masking functionality that is currently baked in the compositable code (have masks created in frame layer builder and passed to WebRender without any specific code in ImageHost/TiledContentHost)?





________________


