Nical:
* patch to disable xrender for painting with the appropriate fuzzing
* patch to fix logging hexadecimal values
* a fix for an intermittent shutdown crash in the job scheduler on windows.



Bas:
* window resizing bug
* with Lee on Skia



jnicol
* tried to reproduce 854095 (crash in powervr driver) without any luck
* slow and frustrating progress setting up new workstation
* fennec wikipedia oom again appears to be layerisation caused. will continue to investigate.



lee
* worked on LockBits for DrawTargetCairo to finish up PushLayer stuff
* fixed canvas drawImage not respecting clip on Skia GPU
* in process of debugging drawImage clip issue, found silliness in how we handle optimized source surfaces with Skia GPU, so spent time discussing possible fixes with Bas and Matt



kats:
* looked into the failures that caused my stuff to get backed out. got to the bottom of them (some fennec reftests needed fuzzing, needed to use different timestamps for checkerboard recording).
* had a discussion with avi about apz telemetry and we agreed on a new probe to add
* working my way through the list of APZ prefs that need UX feedback for fennec
* also debugging a couple of intermittent failures
* continuing the work on checkerboard recording



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1226826 (second round), bug 1239385, bug 1238040
  - confirmed that the patch in bug 1192910 fix bug 1238805 as well
  - helped kats/snorp investigate bug 1230510 / bug 1239385 (zooming out too much on Fennec)
  - bug 1238571 (APZ bug involving position:fixed and nested scrollframes): diagnosed, discussing solutions with mstange/tnikkel/mattwoodrow
          - may be fixed by bug 1231538 (having position:fixed create a ContainerLayer)
          - wrote a reftest which I'll land in either case
  - bug 1237905 (test_wheel_transactions intermittent): prepared a logging patch, pushed to Try
  - started looking at bug 1201894 (fixed background inside trasform; give web developers an alternative APZ-friendly way to do parallax)



mchang
* PTO



edwin:
* Looking through intermittent list, head in hands.
* Briefly looked into startup crash 1180561
* 1239005





BenWa:
* Landed a patch to fix the profiler on win64. FPO is not possible on win64.
* Looked a bit at using RR chaos mode to reproduce oranges. Hitting RR bugs, need to try again on Ubuntu 15

________________


