Nical:
* cairo-image drawing on linux backed out over the stupid canvas verybig test :(
* looking into what I can do about this...
* some more coverity fixes
* reviews



kats:
* put up patches for about:checkerboard
* investigated an issue with janky scrolling jrmuizel reported
* reviewing peterv's patches for nested content processes and APZ
* some triage of apz issues



botond:
  - landed gtest refactoring (bug 1240244)
  - bug 1201894 (fixed background inside transform)
          - the spec'd behaviour is the deliberate result of discussions on the subject; we should follow it
          - this means no parallax alternative (wouldn't have worked with Edge anyways, and it's slow with Chrome)
          - bug 735857 on file for modifying the Layout behaviour to be as spec'd
  - reviews: bug 1213095, bug 1238040
  - MozReview: looked a bit more at bug 1231397 (allowing auto-publish without prompt), should be a simple enhancement to implement
  - half day PTO



Bas:
* regression from push/pop patches, text with cairo, colour issues
* stub for d2d1 licensing removed



lee
* tracking down reftest failures with my Skia GPU cleanups



Jerry
* off-main-painting
* Finally, I have a rough version to execute some draw command off main at mac and b2g. The performance is not good due to the apz progressive update. Try to skip that for performance test.
* 1238464 - emulator-x86-kk mochitest failed
* 1231042 - compositor will show the old layer data when we turn on the screen. wait for try result.



jnicol
* one of the layerisation problems with wikipedia i mentioned yesterday is maybe fixable on our end
* filed 1241078. have patch which works for me



mchang
* vsync intermittent bug
* talked with nical about TextureClient for RGBX surface formats



sotaro
* Looked into android TVInput implementation and discussing about how to handle sideband stream in gecko's TvManager
* Implementing sideband stream handling (Bug 1049296, Bug 1238602, Bug 1239893, Bug 1240668, Bug 1240659)
* Clean up GonkNativeWindow(Bug 1239610, Bug 1239611)
* Fixed media bug(Bug 1239598)



jrmuizel
* Made a little bit of progress on the mesa upgrade. (Still haven't been able to reproduce)
* reviews
* Some DXVA on old Intel HW QA



Jeff G:
* trying to finish up WebGL2 into 46, 



David:
* OpenGL compositor, D3D11 now
* IPC



Peter:
* WebGL2 - when are the tests going in?
* see Jerry's update above
* trying to enable 8086 KK emulator, performance is better 



edwin:
* landed 1207958 -- ICO/BMP crash
* writing a patch for 1229250 -- APZ intermittent -- implementing a "chaos-resistant" timeout
* explaining 1234077 a bit more to aid review, on request.



BenWa:
* Adding a texture recycle and sub update path to D3D9

________________


