Bas:
* surfacebook,, connecting and disconnecting and number of GPUs, rotation doesn't redraw, etc.



Nical:
* will probably not make it to the daily (there's a khronos event nearby)
* fixed the canvas very-big reftest to use less memory, should make it less intermittent (maybe even just not intermittent, who knows), and allowed me to re-land disabling xrender drawing
* re-landed the patch that disables xrender, spent some time looking at profiles to check that the talos regressions aren't caused by silly mistakes
* we don't use xlib surfaces with webgl (unless using the gl compositor), not sure why. tried using xlib surfaces locally and it works. see bug 1241486
* a little bit more coverity stuff



edwin (ro - london thing):
* 1229250 - chaos mode reftest timeouts - patch done-ish; waiting on try results because messing with XPCOM and timers is a good way to have a bad time and cause test failures out the wazoo.
* decided against just hacking around the problem in the test harness and went for patching nsITimer, but just today found that the mochitest harness hacks around it. still prefer my way but we'll see how it goes at review time.
* 1207958 uplifted to aurora (ICO bug).
* looking at 1239005 again -- still wrapping head around compositor stuff.



jnicol
* more layerisation memory stuff



lee
* cleanups of cairo source surface creation
* fixed reftest failures, tested, and landing Skia GPU cleanups



jrmuizel
* reviews
* mesa update fighting and failing



mchang
* patch to init texture data to white if RGBX surface, fixes talos regression
* skia refcount security bug
* potential compositor mem leak bug



kats:
* landed the checkerboarding telemetry patches (bug 1238040)
* redid the about:checkerboard page twice, v3 is up for review now (bug 1238042)
* bunch of reviews for rbarker, botond
* intern interview yesterday, another one today
* will try to fix 1240622 today

________________


