Orlando "formal" sessions:


* https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/gfx-mozlando2015-async-painting
* https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/gfx-mozlando2015-webgl
* https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/gfx-mozlando2015-scrolling







Nical
* patch that makes shmem "fallible"
* we should have our own gfx shmem implementation without the aweful ipdl magic.
* some more shutdown issues



lee
* working with Skia folks to get linear gradient change upstreamed to fix reftest failures
* investigating Skia linear gradient crash in some of our reftests



Bas:
* surfacebook and dual/single GPU related issues
* DWM racing condition?



mchang
* seemed to have found a race condition with compositing pop up menus



jrmuizel
* mesa update debugging (I can reproduce an issue now)
* (intel and interview meetings)



edwin:
* 1229250 - chaos mode thing - tests look implausibly okay... should have a patch up tonight.
* 1239005 - bad webgl scaling - still looking. just about fixed. might have a patch up tonight.



BenWa:
* Posted a patch for d3d9 recycle and partial upload.
* Tried reproducing a d3d11 compositor crash. No luck but we decided to back out the patch



jnicol:
* working on patch for 1241947 (scrollable subframe display port size)
* trying to reproduce oom reports but cannot find anything suspicious about the pages in question



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1240622, bug 1238042 (about:checkerboard, round 2)
  - bug 1240202 (homescreen stuck) - addressed review comments and landed
  - some more investigation on bug 1237905 (test_wheel_transactions intermittent)
  - started looking at input type telemetry



kats:
* complaining about broken things (planet.m.o feed was stale, gecko-dev is stale, found some form history bugs over the weekend)
* landed the about:checkerboard stuff (bug 1238042) and a crash fix, bug 1240622
* looking into removing the displayport after a timeout (bug 990916)
* looking into a fennec crash report that snorp filed (bug 1242523)

________________


