Bas:
* patch for the DWM issue
* standalone is http://people.mozilla.org/~bschouten/SimpleOMTC.rar - 



Nical:
* more shmurf investigations, new problems
* we are hitting the fd limit again, this time on linux with webrtc stuff
* need to group shmurf allocations
* I have a plan
* still not certain how to deal with failure to map shmurfs without glitching
* DrawTargetTiled broken with PushLayer/PopLayer



jrmuizel
* DXVA on G45 investigations
* Mesa problems seem to have resolutions, so I've asked for a new attempt



kats:
* continued working on bug 990916. try push showed a failure that might be related or not, looking into it
* put up patches for bug 1242690 although there might be more work required there to get the TV stuff working fully
* ran into the kernel bug that rr tickles and forces a hard reboot. trying to bisect rr to see when it started



jnicol
* put patch up for review for 1241917 (subframe displayport size)
* more oom investigations



lee
* tried to get bug fix for SkBitmap with gpu textures upstreamed...
* they told me we really shouldn't be using SkBitmap for that since they want to removed gpu-backed SkBitmaps... we should be using SkImage/SkSurface instead
* spent rest of time auditing if we could reasonably port all our DrawTarget/SourceSurface stuff to SkImage/SkSurface (we can't without performance issues), so I'm trying to report possible API improvements to fix this



Jerry
* 1238464 - apz test failed at emulator-x86-kk.
* It seems the screen is off during testing. Then compositor skip all composition request including apz update.
* off-main thread painting
* Hack to turn off apz repeated-transaction.
* We can see the overlap in profiler for painting and the layout task in next frame.
* Currently, I'm trying to handle the scheduling problem in repeated-transaction.



Jeff G:
* multi-sampling in WebGL2
* now PBO
* may need some uplifts
* texture floats stopped working a bit back, try doesn't like it
* reviews
* webgl face to face



David:
* IPC reviews for new IPDL fuzzer bugs
* D3D9 mixed blend mode support



Peter:
* Morris on draw buffer test on windows - Jeff to connect
* webgl tests mostly fixed
* intermittent tests, found one related to compositor



mchang
* interview
* composite and widgets



http://archive.mozilla.org/pub/firefox/try-builds/jmuizelaar@mozilla.com-8034a3e25e74becc900c28d5f1b76488049bea1e/try-win32/



sotaro
* Support TV stream rendering(bug 1239893, bug 1240994, bug 1238602)
* adb shell screencap support(bug 1006688): fixed
* Looked into skia performance bug(Bug 1223781): About to check-in
* Looked into AudioManager bugs
* review media bugs



edwin
* reviews
* tried to repro bugs 1180561 (win7 crash) and 1227548 (winxp webgl crash) locally in a vm. no dice. will ask IT guy tomorrow whether we have any real hardware running old windows versions.
* *still* on oh-my-god-this-should-be-a-one-hour-two-line-patch bug 1239005. still not really sure why it's broken; looks to be invalidating funny.

________________


