kvark
* WR: catching up on PRs
* 3D API: writing the resource layout section



nical
* quantum video meeting
* looking at remaining things to do to be able to repeat all sorts of silly large images in any direction in WR
* setting up a windows dev environment on the new laptop



kats:
* bunch of small stuff: landed a WR update, did some reviews, more investigation of issues blocking bug 1342450
* had a discussion with :zer0 about some APZ problems they're having in devtools
* working on bug 1343977 since neil pointed me to the fix



aosmond
* continued getting large ICOs working



mchang
* fonts



jrmuizel
* fixed gecko so that we could update webrender
* landed a change to build webrender display lists directly
* have a patch that removes 440 lines of ipc serialization code
* * 


rhunt
* triage
* looked into a canvas scaling issue
* got prototype nsDisplayBackgroundImage gradient support working



lee
* broken print preview UI
* fonts



mstange
* profiler stuff



________________


Nikal/Sotaro/Jerry meeting:


This week we focused on the specific and awfully complicated case of video. The rough plan for video in WebRender is to isolate video elements in their own pipelines. This is because video elements can switch between RGB frames YUV frames or nothing to show at any time and the way gecko works this is driven asynchronously in parallel of painting and display list / layers management. Using a separate pipeline has the nice property that we can isolate the problem and change the display items of the video element without having to interact with the display list of web content, and generate the video's tiny display list from the ImageBridge independently of the rest which maps well to how gecko works.


We also agreed to start with a simple implementation that performs timestamped frame selection on the compositor thread (rather than the render thread) and potentially causes the render backend to re-build the frame more often than necessary, while keeping the door open for skipping frame construction if we measure any performance issues.


Sotaro is working on the general integration with a pipeline per video while Jerry continues implementing the details of passing gecko textures to WebRender without copies for both RGB and YUV formats.


Whenever this is in place we also need to figure out the set of yuv formats that we need to support to ship. Right now we have separate Y, U and V planes, Jerry also mentioned interleaved UV planes and the OES_image_external extension although it isn't clear whether they are necessary for the fist shipping milestone. Gecko's support for the image_external extension looks rather simple so it should be straightforward to add support for it in WebRender.
________________


