nical
* meeting with Jerry and Sotaro
* reviews
* talked with devtools folks about their canvas needs



jnicol
* investigating android startup crash



kvark
* 3D API:
* kicking off 2nd round of reviews
* looking into GC in WebAssembly and the implications on the API
* extending the intro with some history
* figuring out the multiple canvases, namespace
* clarifying the memory model



lee
* fonts
* blizzard



kats:
* working on telemetry probes in bug 1338347
* put up patches for building webrender by default (bug 1342450), see msg to dev-platform/dev-tech-gfx
* put up patches for bug 1316318 (disable subframe APZ when anonymous content is present)
* landed WR update, plus another update to fix a regression
* taking PTO this afternoon (snow day!)



mchang
* inset and outset box shadow reftest failures
* caret display items broken, tracked to WR update
* fonts



rhunt
* nsDisplayBackgroundImage
* patch to refactor gradient painting slightly for sharing code



jrmuizel
* adding a scaledfont/fontface to webrender
* tried to make my ryzen box work (it keeps rebooting)



Bas:
* patch caused permafail in a test, trying to understand
* something something h264, vp9
* talked with jwcheng? to reproduce a problem, didn't



botond:
* discussion with :kats about APZ planning (follow-up to earlier discussion with :ehsan) 
* gave feedback on QA test plan for async scrollbar dragging 
* finished review of patch series in bug 1346109 
* investigated bug 1346632 (new apz-scrollbar-drag regression); looks like a Layout bug related to clips



________________




Sotaro:
* Working on updating the gl function selection to be dynamic in WR (to be able to switch between GL and GLES, which we need for ANGLE and android).
* Video rendering bug fixes in the graphics branch.

Jerry:
* MacIOSurface integration in WR.

Nical:
* Large image support in WR.
* Wrench fuzzy reftests.
* Working on skpicture integration.



We also talked about shutdown in the context of quantum flow for a while because (if I understood correctly) someone in the Taipei office might work on making shutdown-related IPC messages asynchronous. I gave a (long and sad) explanation of why it is currently synchronous (in the process probably discouraged the heroic undertaking of fixing it).


Kdfsj3*8#2Kfs
________________


