Nical:
* More reviews
* some progress on multi-threaded tiling



mchang
* 1178823 - Black screen missed in sanity test since painting on the parent process is fine. Trying remote OOP frames but not reproducing black screen



kats:
* landed bug 1178860, bug 1178833, bug 1178842 in support of the work i'm doing for bug 1178847. that's coming along, need to test it on b2g and fennec and fix up anything that's missing



sotaro
* bug 1171257(video playback problem on aries) Fixing tryserver failures. I failed to reproduce the test failures on local pc. Tried several patches, the failures seems to be fixed on b2g emulator.



ashughes
* nothing to report for today - on PTO yesterday for Canada day



BenWa:
* Still debugging test_capture.html
* Looking into will-change assertion
* Looking into tab spinner of doom   



Bas:
* patch to disable D2D1.0
* patch to disable warp on <=7
* with Lee on gfxD2D surface removal



jrmuizel:
* Some layers documentation.
* Skia stuff with Lee
* investigated what it would take to make our Mutex implementation not use NSPR maybe not so easy because of ConditionVariables. One option would be to use stl mutex/condition_varaible on windows.



mstange:
* landed APZ mask layer patches (bug 1148582)
* worked more on APZ textbox scrolling (bug 990974) and APZ clip flattening (bug 1178745)
* tracked down image flickering with APZ to image decode-on-draw-only (bug 1179010), which only gets enabled when APZ is enabled



Andrew:
* gtk3 overlapping layers problem in mochitest



Kyle:
* webgl
* table border



Matt:
* async transactions without tiling new content client on OS X



Jamie:
* Found the cause of the crash when profiling on fennec, then discovered that snorp beat me to fixing it.
* Was then able to continue profiling the progressive paint issue. My first fix sped things up on cnn but slowed things down on longer pages. Taking my time to experiment and learn the rendering pipeline better. But it looks like it's only a significant problem when building with profiling disabled, will continue anyway.



________________


