BenWa:
* Changing will-change budget to be first-come-first-serve to fix the assertions we're hitting
* Looking into tab switch performance. Starting with bug 1180916



Nical:
* tuesday topic: what's up with Basic compositor on Mac ? cf bug 1180688
* more and more reviews
* Work on multi-threaded tiling, running into an interesting (hear annoying) gcc bug



Bas:
* canvas work, 8 and XP are green, 7 still not



kats:
* more stuff on dynamic toolbar design work. going to start writing code today although i'm still waiting for paul to respond to my email, and that might affect the final solution.
* landed bug 1169802, bug 1180780, (small fixes)
* question for the weekly: any way to synchronize changes from the child and parent process so they get composited in the same frame?



jnicol:
* got try results back for 1176077, investigating failures
* trying to reproduce 1175467
* London Q&A with management this afternoon so cannot make standup



ashughes:
* put together a device inventory here, https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12jNc8rlZP4MDk5xOHyOWlcO2W5J39KKofzvcVZxVFJk/edit#gid=0, please deprecate https://etherpad.mozilla.org/toronto-office-inventory (please email me if you need edit access - everyone with an LDAP should already have edit rights)
* working with Jeff to investigate top crashes by graphics driver, correlated to top driver/device - planning to document the process so community can participate - see an example of how this might work here: https://wiki.mozilla.org/QA/Platform/Graphics#Top_Graphics_Driver_Crashes




mchang
* Various needinfo / bugs
* 1172841 - 75 hz scrolling badly, finally have a profile that shows 60 ms render times but no symbols. 
* 1178823 - Reworked sanity test to use remote browsers. Correctly detect the black e10s screen.



lee
* bug 1170390 - tracked down issues with 16bpp surface handling and worked on fixes



sotaro
* bug 1160799(Youtube fullscreen with green background on aries) When the problem happens, MDP hwc seemed to fail render color layer. On the hwc driver code, color layer rendering seems to lack one register setting. Adding the register setting seems to fix the problem. Asking codeaurora to feed back to the patch. But codeaurora might not respond to the question.



jrmuizel
* Crash investigations. Tried to reproduce the Nvidia one, failed. Looked into the AMD one, it looks pretty hardware specific. Tried 
* Reviews



Matt:
* new content client



Andrew:
* mochitests
* ipc plugin target on gtk3, and other gtk3 stuff



Kyle:
* line drawing
* webgl textel conversion bug



________________


