BenWa:
* Trying to catch some intermittent failure with OrangeHunter, no luck yet
* Rebased bug 1131532 and preparing to land it
* Setup and posted instructions for YouCompleteMe

Nical:
* new patch for the mac-in-a-vm bug
* fighting with fennec build env

kats:
* trying to get tests green on bug 1178847 again after addressing review comments. not sure what's going on and it's near impossible to get logging/repro locally so i requested a loaner
* some discussion on bug 1181763 about the touch-fluffing behaviour, making some tweaks to it to solve some use cases
* continuing to work on dynamic toolbar for fennec

botond:
  - second round of review for bug 1178845 (refactoring mobile viewport size handling)
  - updated patch to avoid including gfxPrefs.h from header files, to avoid long recompiles after modifying it
  - reproduced bug 1180899 (assertion introduced during the recent layer structure changes), investigated
  - investigated and posted fix for bug 1180030 (conflict between overscroll animation and scroll snapping)
  - next: porting double-tap-to-zoom code from BEP.js to C++

ashughes
* set up a project page to document some projects I'm working on
* https://wiki.mozilla.org/QA/Platform/Graphics/Topcrashes_in_Drivers
* https://wiki.mozilla.org/QA/Platform/Graphics/Sanity_Checks
* https://wiki.mozilla.org/QA/Platform/Graphics/WebGL/Success_Rate
* hit a compilation error with the WebGL success rate tests
* discussed at length with Matt Brandt (WebQA) about community participation

lee:
* got 32-bit linux build set up to try investigating devtools8 failure
* investigated ipc-related crash but could not track down cause
* closed out some bugs that were stuck in my backlog
* bug 1170390 - finally got my 16-bpp surface fixes checked in

jnicol:
* some progress on 1176077 but still trying to find cause of test failure
* had initial look at 1182665 - Reconsider tile dimensions and pool size for Fennec
* still waiting on nexus 6 for adreno crashes. (galaxy s6 arrived today though)

mchang
* 1172841 - Patch to add a pref to set number of WMF video decoder threads.
* Tested IE/Chrome during video decoding
* 1178098 - Logging to see why user gets hardware video decoding on chrome but not Firefox

sotaro
* bug 1176301(UI break by hwc) Got review+ from mwu. If no response from codeaurora, the patch is going to check-in.
* bug 1167799(video with green line) Received code aurora response. The patch does not fix the problem. Creating a patch for debugging.

jrmuizel
* landed my recreate render target test on Nightly. Unfortunately it did not make it into an actual Nightly release until this morning
* Looked at gtk bug with andrew
* Video with mason

mstange:
* reviews
* a little bug triage
* some progress on scroll clip reworking
* box-shadow spread radius snapping (bug 1181554)

Matt:
* video related stuff

Bas:
* canvas DB stuck on a test failure
* Windows 10 plans

Andrew:
* GTK3 related

Kyle:
* warp and angle - close
* # threads for hardware decoding QA

________________


