BenWa:
* Added a patch for chaosmode environment variable
* Small fix for gfx-stats
* Got something working for dedicated gpu bug, need to turn it into a patch



lee
* more work on skia reftest patches
* bug 1183363 - worked on fixing canvas regression that snuck in with some of Bas' buffer provider changes
* bug 1183506 - investigating border regression that presumably arose because of hard-stop border rendering fixes I made in Cairo



jnicol:
* got patch for 1176077 to pass reftests



ashughes
* planned and initiated the next Betabreakers testrun against Firefox 41:
* https://wiki.mozilla.org/QA/Platform/Graphics/Firefox_41
* reviewed sanity test results and filed two bugs re errors in about:support#Graphics:
* https://bugzil.la/1183673 and https://bugzil.la/1183675




kats:
* figured out a fix for the test failure on bug 1178847 but there might be a deeper layout bug. will continue trying to repro the problem on the loaner
* more work on dynamic toolbar. a few small issues and the paint-synchronization thing are left.



Andrew:
* scrollbars throughts
* gtk3, should be done now!



Bas:
* 41 blacklisting
* stupid canvas bug



Kevin:
* tested  Mason's patch
* review comments
* qa



Matt:
* Android pain and suffering



mstange:
* HQ image downscaling regression - patched to disable image layer optimization, there is another better plan later



mchang
* 1178098 - Looked at some results of h264 hardware decoding, looks like it should be passing. Mattwoodrow added another patch to test
* 1073209 - Investigated CSRD regression, 63 calls to FillRect, CGContextFillRect is a bit slower. Can't reproduce same numbers on Windows, but varying numbers
* 1155249 - Investigating scaling image then repeat tiled image, scaling still taking 20+ ms



jrmuizel:
* Got a reduced test case for a caret location gmail problem
* blacklisting stuff
* ANGLE recreate render target stuff is deployed. This problem doesn't seem to happen very widely (1.4% of our dual gpu users) so we can probably just blacklist D3D11 ANGLE in the situations where it happens.



sotaro
* bug 1167799(green line during video playback on codeaurora device) Receive logcat from codeaurora. video  size seem not delivered correctly.
* bug 1181641(mp3 playback crash) Investigating

________________


