Jerry
* 1173286 - snapshot using compositor
* Still get wrong result for browser app card-view case, but get the faster path for other apps.
* 1156458 - we will see one frame flickering when we create the bluetooth pair
* It seems that b2g can't show the app content immediately and user can see the widget's background color.
* Hwc on flame-l



Nical:
* worked on multithreaded tiled DrawTarget.



BenWa:
* Pushing old stuff along:
* More minor fixes to gfx-feature-status
* Filed some bugs found with RROrangeHunter, no gfx issue yet
* Made the chaosmode env var support parsing hex value
* Tried to reproduce reftest failure for the dump DL on reftest failure, no luck
* Made instruction for YCM setup
* Looking at e10s regression profiles. We're not syncing the profiles quickly. Hopefully should be a small fix



mchang
* 1178098 - Weird that we're init DXVA like Chrome and Firefox doesn't get DXVA
* 1073209, 1155249 - Investigated scaling images, can take up to ~120ms to scale 3x. Working on patch to restrict scaled images



Jeff G:
* format tables landed, not connected
* webgl workers, in review
* spec is a "mutual hallucination" - love it



Dan:
* conformance tests, some of the failures are bad input testing in our code
* textures from DOM elements



David:
* telemetry for compositor backends, up  for review



kats:
* updated my patch for viewport refactoring based on tn's comments, ran into more problems with reftests. spent the day tracking those down, hopefully have them sorted out now.



botond:  
  - addressed review comments for bug gfxPrefs.h patch and landed, filed two follow-ups (splitting it, and static analysis)
  - continuing to debug test_layerization failures by doing try pushes with logging
  - found the cause of assertion failure in bug 1180899, wrote fix, got it reviewed
  - posted fix for bug 1180030 (conflict between overscroll animation and scroll snapping) for review
  - began porting double-tap-to-zoom code to C++



sotaro
* bug 1176301(UI break on aries) Checked-in
* Bug 1167799(Green line during video playback on b2g v2.2) A patch worked on codeaurora's device. Creating a patch for review.



Matt:
* Android and reftest issues, will punt on Android for now



Kyle:
* warp & angle



Jeff M:
* sampling restricted drawables
* nvidia optimus



mstange:
* canvas security patch



Andrew:
* xrender off test failures
* opengl layers investigation, offscreen glx compositing



________________


