BenWa:
* Found the display list on reftest failure problem. We're running 30% slower and timing out. Now sure if it's worth landing/optimizing =\
* Pushed a fix to sync e10s talos profiles properly
* Found that CC with e10s is running totally differently explaining why the e10s score have a wider deviation
* Landed chaosmode env



Nical:
* set the mac vm thing up, failed to install xcode on it though, making builds on try in the mean time.



kats:
* sorted out the failures in bug 1178847, have a patch that should be good now. waiting for review
* spent some time on a couple of touch fluffing bugs, 1181763 and 1138335.
* looked into intermittent failure in bug 1145295 (same issue in bug 1184375)



lee
* bug 1183363 - landed fix for and added crash test for canvas 2d draw target bug
* bug 1183506 - attempting significant rewrite of css border rendering, but when pushed to try last night, noticed a lot of reftests are starting to fail, so need to see if it is possible to fix the new approach or if I have to go with a plan B



mchang
* Talked with vlad about multiple displays / vsync on HR
* 1172841 - Fixup patch for try failures
* 1073209, 1155249 - Scale then repeat tiled images



jnicol
* set up windows 7 build environment
* debugged test failures on windows 7 for my patch for 1176077.
* found guilty line of code, not sure of fix



sotaro
* bug 1160799(video playback with green background on aries) merged.
* bug 1167799(video with green line) Updated a patch. In the middle of reviewing.
* Comparing code of aries(KK) and aries-L around MDP hwc.



Andrew:
* xrender disabled reftest patches
* linux opengl layers resize artifacts



Kyle:
* warp + webgl
* texsubimage3d



mstange:
* swiping with apz



jrmuizelaar:
* warp and windows 7 and nightly mess



Matt:
* content client work



________________


