BenWa:
* Found that the flash regressed the audio notification. Bisected to a particular build. Waiting on a response
* Filed a bunch of talos bugs and debugged some issues
* Not sure if it's worth investigating further if we're going to be getting rid of xrender before e10s lands? Did a push without xrender. I'll do another push with the throbber



mchang (read only)
* Scale then tile images, got it to work but slower performing



kats:
* spent most of the day on dynamic toolbar
* landed viewport refactoring. it bounced for a reftest failure, so i fixed with an ifdef and relanded. filed a follow-up to convert the ifdef to a pref
* will land APZ on OS X and then windows assuming nothing else gets backed out
* PTO this afternoon



lee
* bug 1185636 - working on reviews of border rendering changes. did rewrites of code with markus
* bug 1184009 - investigated security bug, but not sure if there's anything we can do because it is buried deep in upstream code (and apparently fixed upstream in newer versions)



Nical:
* multi-threaded stuff
* running into crashes in skia related to glyph cache



jnicol
* bug 1182665 - gathering data about how tile size affects performance
* bug 1170675 (fennec crash when opening google keyboard on google.com)
* can't reproduce crash, but i see garbage data for a few frames when keyboard opens, might be related



sotaro
* bug 1144103(screen recording on gonk) confirmed the screen recording works. Still need some code clean up.



Markus:
* APZ with pan gestures instead of widget wheel events



Andrew:
* opengl resize linux
* sharing surfaces with webgl faster?



Kyle:
* webgl conformance related



jrmuizel:
* Looked at Lee's stuff, mason's stuff and nical's stuff
* We're going to blacklist the ANGLE render target recreation stuff



________________


