BenWa:
* More e10s tp5 investigation. I've broken down the regression and what needs to be fixed to get us closer: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1174776#c12
* Landed talos warning for profiling without the proper env variable
* Got a working scroll minimap



lee
* bug 1184009 - talked with andrew about possible solutions and came up with a workaround
* bug 1179859 - investigated issue where cairo is not properly clipping svgs, worked on patch
* border rendering - routing some try pushes to make sure everything is working with new rewrites



Nical:
* fixed a crash with tiling on linux
* getting the first half of my multithreaded tiling patch queue to build on windows
* trying to figure out why my edge padding patch does not pad edges



kats:
* landed viewport refactoring
* turned on APZ on OS X, posted to dev-platform
* helping markus debug a crash with APZ enabled, bug 1186407, possibly also fixes bug 1181135
* got dynamic toolbar to a pretty good state, a couple of minor issues outstanding but will do a cleanup of the patch queue first and post a build to get wider feedback



botond:
* test_layerization
* fixed Try issues (problem was my patch was based on an old tree)
* identified three different intermittent issues still happening
* mentored bug (tree traversals) - helped contributor prepare first patch
* double-tap-to-zoom - posted WIP patch, needs testing
* Concepts TS voted to be published!



Jerry:
* 1173286 - try to handle the pan/zoom for browser app
* https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/annotate/e7e69cc8c07b/gfx/layers/Layers.h#l1975
* TV project secondary screen support



Dan:
* WebGL2 conformance bugs, lots of patches for review, will go for landing once it opens



David:
* ipdl bug - structures are not zero initialized
* telemetry on central sunday - we should be getting that data now
* gfxWindowsPlatform cleanup



Jeff G:
* review party!
* unmask string landing - will it stick?
* some cleanup on the format tables
* 1.0.3 tests revival starting



Andrew:
* glx shared surfaces - use pixmaps?



Kyle:
* packing functions for webgl texel conversions
* preserve test



Markus:
* overscrolling on OS X



mchang
* 1155249 - Scale then repeat, can get faster w/ partial image drawing + faster with many repeat, but not big gains. Scaling with Skia is 5x faster.
* Talked about checkerboarding w/dvander and getting some profiles on OS X / Windows.
* nsCanvasBackgroundColor can take 20+ ms on OS X while scrolling engadget



jnicol:
* bug 1176077 - set checkin-needed, waiting
* reading up on draw target tiled



sotaro
* bug 1186000(HDMI display support on gonk) Implementing
* Bug 1175463(gallary black screen on aries) landed
* Bug 1186031(Fence handling regression on gonk) landed



jrmuizel
* backing out ANGLE render target recreation stuff

________________


