Jerry:
* 1173286 - snapshot using compositor
* reviewing
* need to provide the performance chart comparing with original path.
* 1166173 - multi-thread tile painting
* upload the wip patch for the idea before workweek
* also need to have performance chart for this patch
* will discuss with nical



mchang
* 1155249 - Talked with :mstange on artifacts, will just go slow path on non-pixel aligned rects
* Tried to delete CSRD on Windows and tried to find where we scale things. Drawing paths not the same as OS X for same pages



dang!
* Working on WebGL 2 Conf. Test failures.
* Yes, still!
* Most time spent investigating drawing to MRT failures, which turned out to be a bug in the test logic (Submitted PR to github.com/Khronos/WebGL) and issues with OS X GL driver support, this lead to
* Update ANGLE to chrome/2466
* to test the shader transpiler support for converting ESSL into GLSL for OS X.
* good news, it works
* bad news, ANGLE went through some major code moving/refactoring so mozilla branch patches don't apply cleanly. Spent Tuesday trying to get libGLESv2 and libEGL compiling on Windows. Mostly messing with moz.build files to get correct #defines and includes.
* * 


Nical:
* landed DrawTargetTiled on b2g
* debugging multithreaded drawtarget



ashughes
* investigated topcrash device family correlations using Jeff's GPU-DB



jnicol
* trying to reproduce 1187619 - graphics corruption when scrolling on windows 7 caused by me. not having any luck with it at all. would be very helpful if we could try to reproduce on a windows machine in toronto?



lee
* landed fix for svg clipping issues
* fixed interesting bug with clamping of canvas arc function - despite the fact that the code was clamping to 2pi, floating point inaccuracy still let you create an arc of a few billion radians
* landed a backout of my border rendering gradient fix to aurora
* discussed with Andrew how to implement BorrowedCairoSurface
* working on fix for Skia relative header inclusion problems that were preventing us from updating to latest upstream



sotaro
* bug 1186000(gonk's HDMI display support) Finished code clean up. Start asking to review.
* Bug 1186885(b2g v2.1s test failure) Fix was landed
* Help netflix testing



botond:
  - reviews
          - bug 1187792 (regression from viewport refactoring)
          - bug 1179787 (improvement to NS_NewRunnableMethod*)
  - double-tap-to-zoom (bug 1131359)
          - fixed issues with patch, posted for review
          - while testing, noticed existing regression with zoom animation, filed bug 1188067
  - test_layerization (bug 1177018)
          - finally tracked down the intermittent where mouse moves were getting lost, discussed it with :smaug and posted a fix
  - nsRefPtr<const T> (bug 1056356)
          - the "make AddRef() and Release() const" approach isn't looking great, jotted down an idea for something simpler



Bas:
* thread safety is sticking
* e10s issues: shutdown hang, canvas double buffering



Andrew:
* gtk3 issues
* glx shared surfaces
* system cairo wrapper



mstange:
* scroll snapping with APZ



Kyle:
* XP image lib bug
* webgl tests
* angle & windows 7, upstream may work



Matt:
* cycle collector bug fixed
* content client reftest bug
* skiagl and discrete gpu



jrmuizel:
* Reviews (WebGL on workers, Snapshotting stuff)
* Looked at how image brushes work
* Read a book on the beach



kats:
* dynamic toolbar work
* tried investigating bug 1187056 but didn't get very far
* investigated bug 1186774, it was a dochsell issue

________________


