BenWa:
* Wrote a patch to check for layers leak for high occurrence intermittent orange
* Wrote a patch to GC / CC under TPS for e10s
* Looking into page thumbnail running during TPS



jnicol (can't make call)
* believe I have found cause of 1187619. Don't think it's possible to fix while keeping the optimisation which introduced it. But that's okay, the optimisation was much more important on tiled layers than non-tiled, and this only affects non-tiled.
* Working on patch to fix it



mchang
* 1155249 - Review feedback to scale temp surface then repeat images
* 1073209 - Delete CSRD on Windows. Can't repro artifacts unless on a VM. Can get 4500x perf improvement zooming out
* 1188075 - Inset box shadows



Bas:
* Windows 10



Andrew:
* GL layers on linux
* range frame drawing on GTK



Kyle:
* gl screen buffer



Matt:
* landing (SkiaGL OS X), tile size to 512



kats:
* mostly working on dynamic toolbar
* looking at bug 1187056 again since it's 2.5+ now, trying to repro on a flame
* lots of reviews and needinfos



Nical:
* new patch up for review for the task scheduler
* reworking the iterable arena to allow accessing and allocating concurrently
* reviews
* will miss the daily tomorrow



sotaro
* bug 1188877(rendering break on mixed hwc composition on aries) Investigated. Created a patch and seems to fix the problem.



jrmuizel
* ANGLE rebase. I have a minimally changed angle that I'm going to try to rebase: https://github.com/jrmuizel/angle/tree/minimal-changes
* * 



________________


