Aiming to land on 22, week of March 18.  If not, land on 23, week of April 1, uplift to 22 the week of April 15?  No.  It would be worse than shipping on 23.
When do we need to start reviewing and who is doing it?


gw280
* https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Mozilla-Inbound&rev=8eb533ca69d7
* working with Peter on the next steps

Jeff:
* windows font bug; have the setup, took a long time
* switching render mode in prefs doesn't change things enough
* build issues, etc.  not the obvious problem
* not a fast moving bug

BenWa:
* shutdown
* profiler add-on cleaned up (security problems) - needs testing

Joe:
* security bug re-landed (the dependencies weren't returned the first time around)
* seem to be ok on the try, a couple of failures, including assertion
* should be able to land all the prerequisites with a week

Bas:
* found the fix for the invalidation problem: the host side didn't properly pass the rect back
* front->back, we now resize, then sync. the traditional buffer recreation code is used the first time, then the swap buffer takes care of resizing the "other" buffer
* fragile solution, lot of weirdness
* 64 ref test failures, evaluating which ones are innocent (last time 10 were serious, now expecting 5)
* font bug - working with Jeff on this

Nicolas:
* finished async video, regressed overnight with other landings
* we don't double free buffers, but we also don't display frames
* TextureClient next
* improved communication and productivity with the adjusted hours

bjacob:
* split up gralloc patch, landed with known issues
* there were 2 issues: genlock failures and double deletes
* worked with jrmuizel and snorp on genlock failures, jrmuizel concluded they were a side effect of the double deletes
* established that the double deletes are caused by SwapTextures giving the same gralloc buffer to 2 texturehosts. further debugging today.
* correlations with bsmedberg
* reviews for jgilbert & milan

________________


