

BenWa:
* Theories about android crasher
* Looked at performance problems in Breakpad unwinder
* D2D regression in vimeo (bug 891916)
* Wrote and landed Bug 892861 - Remove useless -D flags 'IMPL_THEBES,_IMPL_NS_GFX,…'
* Wrote a mach command for YCM (Bug 892973)

Guillaume:
* Angle bypass done
* Instanced draws done
* Have found and landed a patch about a bug around fake-black-texture on WebGLContext::DrawArrays and WebGLContext::DrawElements
* Query objects started

Matt:
* continuing on the previous bug
* webgl content

Jeff:
* mask surface regression, found by SVG
* filed a URL parsing bug against Chrome

Joe:
* finished the "remove animation logic out of raster image into a new class"
* tests are passing
* starting to store gif frames in memory

Nical:
* making good progress with Textures, what is left to do:
* add back the Deprecated code that I removed and put it behind a pref
* test
* find bugs
* fix them

________________


Weekly - 2013/07/09
Texture host/client patch https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=858914 - let's talk about it
________________
 Currently, host & client don't match one shared buffer. Hard to match the lifetimes of the buffers, either with gralloc, double buffering, switching tabs (compositor change), etc.

With the change, every TextureClient/TextureHost have one shared buffer through their lifetime, and don't see other buffers at all.  There will only be one SurfaceDescriptor being passed.  A new buffer will need a new texture client and a new matching texture host.
Double buffering is not done in TC/TH, the compositable will use two TC/TH instead.  Buffering is handled by the client, rather than the host now, the intelligence is with the client.
Sync - the shared data is there when TC/TH are created - "AddTexture" shares the SurfaceDescriptor (SD).  We don't see SD anymore after that, we tell TC about the update, which sends a message to TH, which then uploads, etc.
Only implemented for ImageLayers (async video, all the texture formats we have are covered anyway).  Only doing the ImageClient code.  Since this was a rewrite, the TextureHost was also sanitized.  Before it inherited from TextureSource, now we have separate objects.  Makes it easier to share code - TCShmem and THShmem, THMemory are back end independent.  "DataTextureSource" is from Vlad's patch (not landed yet) and the only thing that needs to be updated.
YCbCr client/host classes will be gone now.  Shmem is "smart enough" to handle those scenarios now.
GrallocBufferActor is gone.
How's "content client incremental" (CCI) going to work?  It sends a new SurfaceDescriptor every time, which only sends the part that changed. You would need to create and destroy new TextureClient/TH every time. Video frames do it. Does it need to be the same TH every time?  For CCI, yes it does - except, it would have to receive TH, not the region. This is used for all thebes layers on OSX.
________________


________________


