gw280:
* Landed fixes for the SkFontHost on Android with skia-npapi, and also the infinite recursion crash with Skia canvas (currently enabled by default on WinXP)
* Now going to be investigating bug 891069
* Also going to support snorp a bit more now that the critical regressions are mostly out of the way
* Forgot to mention in the last meeting that the Skia workweek to be held at Google's offices in Chapel Hill has now been booked for Aug 5/6/7, and snorp, myself and mattwoodrow will be attending. If anyone has any agenda items we'd like to bring up with the Skia folk, please add to https://etherpad.mozilla.org/Aug2013SkiaMeeting

Joe:
* With Jeff and Matt, now have a plan for how compositor knows about animated images
* Driving them is easy

Bas:
* Reviews
* D2D 1.1 - at least the build is working now, which is a big step.  Working on landing this before the end of the week.
* Want to land the filters this week as well.

Nicolas:
* Bringing back the removed code, rebasing, fixing the build
* Removed new gralloc images, will implement as a follow up
* May split into two separate patches, as it's behind a pref

Jeff:
* Repeating gradients starting to work. continue that today

Matt:
* FIxed the IO surface bug; hacky workaround

Guillaume:
* Fix the WebGL conformance test 1.0.2 fail about the MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE a power of two. Having a discussion with jgilbert on bugzilla about the assertion I added with that fix : MAX_VIEWPORT_DIMS <= max(MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE, MAX_RENDERBUFFER_SIZE)
* Working on landing the 3 first webgl 2 patches (the first one is already on inbound)
* Have some discussion on the public webgl mailing list about webgl 2. We are officaly the first to have a webgl 2 prototype, and some people are interested about being beta tester for webgl2 and play around with it. "is there already an alpha Browser out for playing around with the new WebGL 2 features? Or alternatively, do you need some "pre-alpha" testers? If so, we'd be glad to volunteer :D" Might be interesting if there are able to write some WebGL conformance 2.0 tests =P
* Trying to figure out with Ken (from google) to do WebGL 2 specifications together.

BenWa:
* Posted patch to introduce max active layers, it wont apply to force layers (3D transform)
* Working on TransformShadowTree tests
* Improve YouCompleteMe configuration files, no more parameter fiddling, it supports VPATH, LOCAL_INCLUDE etc...

________________


