ARM GPU meeting today at 5 (SFO Noise Pop) for those that are interested


Jeff:
* CG Azure: mochitest crashes, some gradient fuzziness, otherwise close.  On try.
* D2D needs 46 fuzz, which is significant.  The solid line becomes a gradient.
* The gradient stops become closer together
* What about hard stops?  We when using pixman are the only ones, unclear if we want them.
* Reviewed Nical's patches

Matt:
* Finished up the WebGL crash patches, in review
* Couple of other bugs
* Reviewed Nical's patches

Joe:
* Looking through compositor code, working with Matt
* Sorting out image animation

Nicolas:
* Uploaded patches, dealing with reviews, explaining things

Bas:
* Landed D2D1.1.  Challenge, because of the build problems - build peers didn't like the actual fix, so, configure.in and all the time that took.  Just too a long time.
* It is not on by default, the integration code is not in.
* Working on the filters.  How do we unit test turbulence?

BenWa:
* Patch for opacity change
* Wrote a sample patch to use ColorLayer more aggressively. Experimenting mostly
* Worked on tests for AsyncCompositionManager::TranshowShadowTree
* Removed STDCALL configure to work around clang bug. Patch merged. Last issue for YouCompleteMe.

Guillaume:
* Review with Jeff Gilbert : Have 4 r+ for WebGL 2 patches !!!
* WebGL2Context (on inbound since this morning)
* MRT and Vertex Array Objects (waiting for checkin)
* ANGLE bypass
* min/max blend equations
* Trying to update WebGL conformance test we are running on push to try to 1.0.2, but having a bug in our write-only javascript that automate tests executions.
* gl.vertexAttribDivisor working, but have to change/rewrite entirely our function that ensure that vertex fetching doesm't look in unallocated GPU memory.

________________


