BenWa:
* SIGGRAPH recap
* non-recursive-make - Some numbers
* VS Project file?
* Markus continued Talos profling work. Found bug 859571. We're sleeping in the nvidia 3D vision DLLs

Nical:
* Fire in the building of the office (not in the office)
* So I am at a café right now (not sure skype will work well)
* didn't do much today (couldn't access the building for a while)
* pushed the texture refactoring to try one last time and ready to land if try is green
* a bit of gralloc work

Guillaume:
* Work on landing gl.vertexAttribDivisor, one discussion remaining with jgilbert about a int that has no sence to be signed. Might bring this discussion on the public webgl mailing list.
* Work on gl.drawRangeElements, we have also track the minimal indices in an index buffer. After discussion with Vlad an jgilbert, we are planning to land gl.drawRangeElements first without check for that index, and land the lowest index tracking latter.
* Was wondering to land Query objects, but it seams like there is a bug in the WebIDL compilor only on windows, because the build errors are in files generated by the .webidl.
* Have the reponse for how to write a patch fixing the WebGL conformance test regression about MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE a power of two. WebGL's specification has been changed by Ken Russel to explicitly say that MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE is a POT.

Bas:
* siggraph write-up
* reviews
* patch for the driver crash
* filter discussions with Markus, some work left, recording for filters as well
* discussing what to do with bidirectional Gaussian blur, if we want the Moz2D primitive to be directional or bidirectional or nondirectional

Joe:
* fixing regressions, frequent orange, MT image decoding related, trying to put it back in
* some animated gif regressions? BenWa reporting

George:
* fallback to software for advanced blending ops

________________


