nical
* moar async scene building
* wr newsletter #14
* looking into a good place to do pixel snapping with wr.

aosmond
* bug 1436247 (image decoding threadpool issues) -- finished patches, addressed review feedback and landed
* bug 1370784 (animated SVG intermittent mochitest failure) -- landed a diagnostic patch for when we next hit it in automation
* bug 1433646 (crash in ContentChild::Recv(Re)InitRendering) -- investigating crash reports, working on a patch

kats:
* landed WR update prior to the breakages
* helped glenn track down the linux reftest failure from the mipmap change
* now trying to narrow down the cause of the windows reftest failure from the brush change (#2399). running into strange behaviour with recording and broken captures and stuff
* finally was able to replicate a windows reftest run on a loaner machine, it seems to reliably replicate the behaviour from automation. need to figure out how to run a single reftest so that i can do useful things
* reviews

rhunt
* landed re-enabling FilterNodeSoftware caching
* was finally able to reproduce Windows+Skia+Tiling test failures
* summarized MotionMark and OSX OMTP data
* started looking at a linux IPC crash again

miko
- Worked on display list building fast-path, bug 1436415

Fixed a failing event region mochitest and measured the performance improvement. Landing today.
Investigated follow-up improvements in the same area. For example, in the dl mutate test, we have inline block elements without children, but they are still counted as pseudo stacking contexts, and thus get their child frames handled a bit differently.
I tried a quick hack that used the fast-path for blockframes without children, and dl mutate test got roughly 5% faster.
- Reviewed a patch for Matt

jrmuizel
* scale with blob image invalidation
* mostly working

kvark - PTO
