botond [will miss daily, morning PTO]
* bug 1434846 (regression from WR hit-testing) 
* wrote mochitest 
* also some refactoring to APZ hit testing mochitest infrastructure 
* bug 1437694 (recover from compositor hit testing bugs affecting scrollbar dragging) 
* next: bug 1425573 (overscroll-behavior bug related to unlayerized scroll frames)

Sotaro
* Fixed android canvas bug. Requesting to uplift to beta
* Fixed EGKSurface leak at RenderCompositorANGLE
* Worked for SanityTest problem on Windows with WebRender
* Fixed webrender debug preference mismatch by WebRender update
* Worked for bug that happen NV12 is not supported by D3DDevice
*   jgilbert is going to update ANGLE. I am goint to wait it. 

nical
* wr async scene building works, but need to figure out APZ to take advantage of it
* investigating 2 wr reftests

kvark
* WR reviews
* WR shader switches
* WR render target pool reuse
* WebGPU discussions

lee
* tracking down Skia mac reftest failures

aosmond
* bug 1437886 (startup crash when WR/image.mem.shared enabled, but WR not selected) -- working on a patch, found some related shared surface bugs along the way
* bug 1433646 (Recv(Re)InitRendering crashes) -- finished up patch
* bug 1436247 (imagelib threadpool improvements) -- got backed out due to making an (unrelated I think) intermittent test failure permanent; spent some time looking into that

kats:
* spent a bunch of time narrowing down and capturing the windows reftest issue for glenn. fixed an issue with wake_up notifications not being handled along the way
* searchfox rust indexing broke so trying to get that working again. not really clear what went wrong
* my windows machine spontaneously rebooted overnight so i lost my loaner and now there's infra problems so i can't get it back
* reviews/needinfos - nathan/dmajor are trying to get windows clang build issues sorted out

miko
* Sadly the performance gain for using fast path with leaf blockframes was offset by retained display lists. There might be a less expensive way to detect these cases, but I couldn't immediately come up with one.
* Debugged a problem with display item memory allocations, bug 1438165.

jrmuizel
* my blob image scaling work
* looked at cleaning up some of the transform code in StackingContextHelper
* The only user of the stored transform right now is image lib and andrew and I are not certain it's needed
