Walter is coming in as a co-op in May. Cool!


BenWa:
* Looked at the performance with our partners. A few simples issues were bottlenecking performance. Could do better on shader compilation and not getting the osx window information that causes locking with the window server.
* Implemented will-change stacking beavior
* Chrome intents to ship will-change: http://www.chromestatus.com/features/5954199330226176 and bug https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=313532
* Looked into performance of no-checkerboard and changing the paint interval. Based on discussion for will-change reducing the reflows from visibily manager should help our font problem so this becomes a high pirority.
* Seeing an unexplained profile difference between diallow checkerboard preference. Need to investigate



bjacob
* Classified ~ 30 gfx ipc crashes found by fuzzing, to see general patterns.
* Pattern #1 : bad assertions / non-graceful error handling, some crashing even release builds. In particular, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=968823 about ipc::Shmem crashing on bad shmems.
* Pattern #1.1 : in particular, we used to use InfallibleArrays to pass arrays over IPC, crashing on too-large array lengths. Ehsan is fixing it https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=967167
* Pattern #2 : bad or missing parameter or state validation (no surprise). In particular, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=968825 is about missing null checks in LayerTransactionParent::RecvUpdate
* Pattern #3 : insecure protocols allowing the client to ask the parent to reinterpret an existing parent-side object to a given new type. We have one such issue, responsible alone for many, seemingly unrelated, crashes, see https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=968833 (secure bug)



kats:
* mostly working on bug 963852 to make scrollbars appear in the third-party app (and probably browser content)
* various reviews, try pushes, patch landings etc.



Nicolas:
* performance with D3D new textures; some missing patches, see what they do
* small new textures correctness patches in review



Bas:
* font recording on linux/b2g
* no good api way, but load table can give us the whole font file
* FT face out of Cairo is invalid - trying to fix that



botond
* bug 964517 (text overlapping bug in AccuWeather app)
* there is a text drawing command producing the overlapped text; the problem is the underlying text doesn't get erased
* may have to do with background of layer being transparent - continuing to investigate



Chris:
* tiling and new textures
* first part is copy on write getting moved into layer tiles



Jeff:
* LVM pipe issues with AWS - important because softpipe is really slow, so it may not be the long term solution.



Sotaro:
* content host fence blocker bug, waiting for some reviews
* will try to find out why the game invalidation doesn't happen

________________


