Bas:
* text recording Moz2D.  trouble with type 1 fonts
* push clips crasher
* player on linux?



Nicolas:
* D3D9  window resize regression



Sotaro:
* game menu disappearing, Matt had a suggestion, there is a patch in review
* QC had a video rendering problem, only under OGL in ICS, no fence, so compositor side fix, but it can cause buffer starvation



Jeff:
* LLVM pipe, will continue today
* waiting for releng to give us the softpipe results, hoping for today



George:
* think the root cause of my problems is to do with inconsistencies between premul and unpremul alpha. Yesterday I started fixing a bunch of them (and also merged my branch with snorp's work to get more data points) and today I will continue along that path. 



kats:
* worked on the scrollar bug (bug 963852), got some help from :tn. I have a patch which solves the problem but it's not something we can land as-is, so i will need to look at it more
* investigated and put up a fix for bug 965381 (clicks were wrong, causing problem on facebook). a failed attempt at fixing this resulted in a few cleanup patches that i posted to bug 969072
* landed bug 968495 to decrease the paint interval while panning
* landed bug 965351 to re-enable some tests
* planning to investigate bug 966510 today



botond
* text overlapping in AccuWeather app (bug 964517)
* finally found the cause
* app has transparent background
* layout is lying to layers system, saying it has opaque background
* discussed solution approaches with roc and tn
* might have different solution for 1.3 and trunk



BenWa:
* Discussing strategy on will-change limits. Trying to convince roc before I implement it but we have not converged yet.
* Discussed how the contact app uses the visibility monitor.
* Tweak the visibility monitor to confirm that it's hurting us.



bjacob:
* You can track my gfx IPC work on this private wiki page (private because of security flaws discussed there): https://intranet.mozilla.org/User:Bjacob@mozilla.com/Gfx_IPC_fuzzing
* Investigated memory corruption bugs found by fuzzing. They all seem to have a common root cause: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=968833 
* Talked IPC security with Ehsan
* 20 reviews



Cwiiis:
* Porting tiles to new Textures - working on class to facilitate copy-on-write tiles without using gfxReusableSurfaceWrapper/gfxSharedImageSurface
* Landed bug 967502 (disallow checkerboarding)
* Interviewing



________________


