BenWa
* Interviewed candidate + debrief
* Filed bug for OMTC testing: bug 971926
* OGL State tracking bug 971914
* New patch to enable GTest on windows excluding PGO
* Landed a patch to fix regression to HWC. We need HWC tests!
* I wrote a worse case testcase for tiling and a testcase for tile:

http://people.mozilla.org/~bgirard/Invalidation/tiling/
https://github.com/bgirard/Gecko-Validation-Tests



gw280:
* Fixed the bug. It's an issue with shader deletion and the GLES2 wrapper. This patch explains all: https://hg.mozilla.org/projects/graphics/rev/42381303531c
* Should be fully green now on tbpl. If not (likely) it's just minor fixes that I can hopefully hammer out in the next day or two.
* https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Graphics
* Updated Skia in that push to today's revision (r13424, 2014-02-13), hence the likely slight breakage.

Bas:
* will pick up some work from Chris to avoid gap with PTO
* push clips, waiting for all the patches to show up in nightly
* Moz2D recording patch

bjacob:
* Big round-3 ipc bug: we don't validate anything about the memory buffers we pass over IPC:
* we don't validate that plain memory buffers aren't used cross-process (i.e. we let other client processes PEEK the parent process' address space…)
* we don't validate that shmems or memory buffers are big enough to read the pixels we read from them.
* Fixing this needs deeper than usual changes. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=971695
* Talked with Snorp about Skia/GL on single GL context. Patch is r+ ready now, but we need to follow up with work to clarify ownership of surface streams.

kats:
* posted findings in bug 966397, discussing (with 12-hour latency) with roc/mattwoodrow
* investigated bug 966507: put up a patch, waiting for review
* did a debrief
* looking into bug 959414 today

Chris:
* tiling support. checking the issues with updates

Jeff:
* mwu's quad buffers
* image scaling on decoding; have a reasonable plan

Nicolas:
* D3D11 reftest problem

James;
* should be able to land shared context work today!

Sotaro:
* content host/client on Gonk.  landed this morning
* video jank problem, no easy fix so far

________________


