bas+nical+Cwiiis:
* Deciding the locking mechanism. We think we're there and been implementing it. Working with texture client host. Seems to be on part with what we have.
* nical is implementing the copy to texture and locking
* bas is working on the texture pool
* Cwiiis tiled content client changes



BenWa:
* looked talos with viktor
* Stacking context behavior of will-change



sotaro:
* worked on master gonk fench implementation. Asking nical review
* Trying to reproducing the fench bug
* Kats says another game has the bug



jrmuizel:
* Talked to bjacob about shmem
* Talked with benwa about layer heuristics
* Looked at hooking up moz2d scaling with png decoding. Needs a bit of working but shouldn't too bad



Jerry: <= sick leave
* bug 945082 - lockscreen performance
* compute a suitable size for scale anim
* bug 972310 - fixed
* checking overlap region for container layers's children to prevent the creation of intermediate surface
* still get try failed for mac and window's build
* bug 972799 - show file-base and memory-base blob size in about:memory
* Try to post the GonkDisplayJB::Post() into different thread
* We spend some time waiting the FBSurface's fence in HWC. Maybe we can get some benifit for GL rendering.



Jeff G:
* WebGL 1 extensions.  All of them except the ETC1 compressed textures are done.  Today or tomorrow for that.
* Too large resizes bugs, trouble on the try
* Android 1.0.1, will talk to Dan



Dan:
* text image format parameter checking patches
* proposed  extension to WebGL, pass an array buffer with offset and length, to  help emscripten; Vlad has also done some of this work, will merge the  patches now



Matt:
* OGL state tracking
* small regressions
* trying to stop overproducing

Morris:
* layerscope: one click connection to device or desktop browser
* next step is separating image buffer to separate files, so that it doesn't too large

bjacob:
* Got a 100% complete reftest run with faulty! (ok, without dom/plugin, was stalling)
* Preventing cross-process MemoryTextures: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974356
* Checking shmem sizes: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974353
* Starting to wrap up: collecting reviews, pushing to try

kats:
* redid patches for bug 969483 (layer tree repositionChild function broken) and got them reviewed and landed
* looked at remaining 1.3+ blockers - bug 965945 needs to be worked around since the "correct" fix is too risky for 1.3 now.
* started looking at the gaia-apzc-2 bugs

botond:
* tested Vivien's patches for bug 964517 (AccuWeather text overlapping)
* ran into some strange issues with Gaia / AppManager, requires multiple resets to get sane behaviour
* patches fix all occurrences of "transparent content" warning except on Homescreen (separatebug filed for that) and a few apps where it only happens briefly
* filed PR to land gaia patch, can land gecko patch after that
* fixed Windows build error for bug 958596 (APZC tree logging patches)
* ran into strange Windows linker error
* will try alternate approach recommended by Bas for fixing build error
* next: go through various STRs in bug 965389 (black backgrounds)

gw280:
* Skype is broken on my machine so I can't dial in
* Landed the updated Skia (from last Thursday!)
* We stuck, but broke some BSD stuff
* Spending today dealing with my bz requests and clearing out the backlog



________________


