BenWa:
* will-change throlling
* Landed a patch to implement will-change stacking context behavior
* Eclipse project generation

sotaro:
* Debugging the game rendering problem. Coordinate with HWC are wrong. If canvas is large then top part is cut off incorrectly

kats:
* went through the list of bugs blocking gaia-apzc-2. Two were already fixed and so I duped them. One more was a dupe of another on the list
* provided a logging patch for bug 973105 to have the reporter give more info
* investigating bug 971335
* also landed a patch for bug 965945 but it caused a crashtest failure so i backed it out. will reland but it might cause more crashes in apps (like gallery) so i want to wait for botond's investigation first

botond:
* Landed gecko patch for the accuweather text overlap patch, gaia patch pending
* Looked at black background bug. Could reproduce one in the gallery app. We're requesting a displayport that's too large
* Tried to land APZC logging but seeing linking errors. We think it's related to gkmedia linking

jrmuizel:
* Ported mesa patches patch mesa 9. Project dependencies are a pain
* Looked at customize. Profile shows us to be slow. box shadow and subpixel AA.

bas+nical+cwiiis:
* Tile pool is mostly working
* Switched API to reflect what we need
* Double buffering is running. Even with zero contention we don't have good performance. Don't do call for tiles that are offscreen. Cwiiis is trying to track down the timespent. Have some ideas for timespent

________________


