Jerry:
* Fix flatfish black screen with Hwc
* Wait hwc fence at another thread. Only improve a little performance
* Don't use IntermediateSurface for no overlap region layer. Still failed with drawWindow flags =  DRAWWINDOW_USE_WIDGET_LAYERS

gw280:
* Currently investigating bug 960276
* It's fixed in the new Skia, and confirmed broken in the Skia in v1.3
* Searching through the Skia code to find out what fix fixed it.

BenWa:
* Canvas regression bug 976322
* interview
* Implementing texture pool with vlad' tiles - hard because texture client is refcounted. Too late to recycle on finalize.
* rvitillo:  to measure GPU power on windows I would have to write a device driver to access the msr in ring0 and that only works for Intel GPUs... If you think that having that data is worth the effort I can give it a shot
* Looked with djvj about some missing js engine features for profiling

Botond
  - APZC tree printing (bug 958596)
        - discovered that patches broke build on Linux/OS X; fixed
        - landed on m-i
  - composition bounds (bug 935219)
        - tested on B2G/Fennec/Metro, flagged for review
        - drew diagram illustrating the various coordinate systems at play
          - diagram now on wiki
        - couple of test failures i need to look into
  - zooming out indefinitely (bug 964935)
        - evaluated whether a targeted fix that doesn't require uplifting bug 935219 is feasible
           - not looking that way



kats:
* Fixed up and landed bug 941995 to remove the 300ms delay on taps when meta-viewport width is <= device width
* Caused a talos regression so I filed a follow-up for that
* Dealing with reviews (in particular botond's composition bounds patch) and needinfos
* came up with a patch that might help us fallback to a sane behaviour if our composition bounds are too big. posted it to bug 975033
* still planning on looking at 918288 once I'm clear of immediate things I need to respond to

Nicolas:
* tiling: some genlock issues
* working on top of Chris' code

Bas:
* always draw to single tiles pref, restored the path
* looking at gralloc code
* pref for shmem instead of gralloc?

Chris:
* tiling and gralloc
* issues on buri
* trying different approaches on binding and unbinding

bjacob
* gfx ipc fuzzing: 24 patches landed out of 25!
* last one remaining: shmem size check, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974353
* Next: re-run reftest under faulty to confirm it's working, and fuzz on B2G
* Security team wants the wiki finalized so they can use it to drive similar efforts in other parts of gecko, so will finalize it.

Sotaro:
* HWC fence on 1.4 landed
* crash in gralloc texture client/host; we seem to be using more memory, even if APZC is disabled

Jeff:
* with Ehsan on ref counted log in Moz2D
* downscaling on decode in review
* getting the Buri going

________________


