BenWa:
* https://wiki.mozilla.org/B2G/Performance/App_Performance_Validation
* Working on tile store
* Eclipse project generation review

gw280:
* Bisecting Skia revisions to find the fix for bug 960276
* Tried inspecting the Skia history and source code but couldn't find any obvious commits that would cause it to be fixed. Reluctant to apitrace based on experiences in the past.
* Going to keep the Skia imports of about 6 revisions in between the recently landed Skia update, and the old version, so that we can more easily bisect change

kats:
* started working on bug 918288. found the switch to turn on the touch-sensitive regions, and started writing some code to figure out the hit test regions
* tested patches for bug 975033 and put them for review
* put up a patch for bug 912238 which blocks botond's logging patch
* reviewed botond's composition bounds

bjacob
* Still working on fixing ipc::Shmem, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974353
* Had conversation with bsmedberg about that, trying an approach that would simplify ipc::Shame

jrmuizel:
* got genlock logging working on the tiling branch. I didn't notice any significant genlock contention on either trunk, euro-tiling or canada-tiling. This was surprising.
* tried to get b2g profiling working/failed so far
* reviews talked ehsan through the -moz-samplefactor patches. He seemed positive about which means that it should easily be landable.

Botond:
  - APZC tree printing (bug 958596)
        - backed out for Windows XP Debug bustage; fixed and relanded
        - backed out again for android test failure
  - composition bounds (bug 935219)



jrmuizel:
* got  genlock logging working on the tiling branch. I didn't notice any  significant genlock contention on either trunk, euro-tiling or  canada-tiling. This was surprising.
* tried to get b2g profiling working/failed so far
* reviews
* talked ehsan through the -moz-samplefactor patches. He seemed positive about which means that it should easily be landable.

Botond:
  - APZC tree printing (bug 958596)
        - addressed review comments, posted updated patch
        - set up b2g emulator to try to repro mochitest failures
        - reproed failures; now trying to understand the tests
  - eclipse project generation (bug 973770)
        - porting BenWa's patch to 1.3 branch where i wanted to try it out 



Chris:
* rendering errors on buri were simple bugs, good performance (gralloc tiles, double buffering)
* look at locking again, trying to avoid the null image
* now see if we can get rid of some of the extra copying
* will figure out how to share build with Martijn

Nicolas:
* tiling, have some refactoring to share with others

Bas:
* tiling
* pref to force shmem tiles

Martijn:
* trying to reproduce a crash that Benoit had

Sotaro:
* gralloc texture crashes in 1.4 - three bugs, can't reproduce the crash
* one is closed, QA can't reproduce
* seems to be related to OOM - after that IPC crashed
* another bug - have a patch, waiting for a review

Vlad:
* valgrid, also with GDB, found some warnings, not closer to tracking the weird crash, but some interesting malloc/delete issues

________________


