BenWa:
* Interview/debrief
* Implementing texture client pool. Have a plan. I think I can have it working today

kats:
* spent a bunch of time helping botond trying to figure out test failures for bug 935219 and bug 958596. not making much progress here
* rewrote the patch on bug 975033, got it landed this morning
* posted what i have so far to bug 918288 (mostly untested)

Botond:
* mochitest failures with composition bounds (having trouble getting the test running locally)
* overscroll

Bas:
* reducing per tile drawing
* clipping and transform and context not restoring the transform bug...

Chris:
* gralloc buffers seem to be getting leaked - dealloc functions not getting called?  investigating the root cause
* on android, texture client pool allocation is on demand, fixes an initial crash, but haven't done full testing on a non-random-crashing phone

Nicolas:
* tiling - retaining a lot of tiles - too many - adding now memory presure to the tile pool
* should we purge the cache when going into the background?

bjacob
* Finished Gfx IPC fuzzing \o/ !!!
* Finished on desktop linux with e10s
* Fuzzed a bit on B2G emulator, limited by tool unreliability
* Manually checked PGrallocBuffer protocol, looks fine
* By-product: fixed a leak in ipc::Shmem, and added refcount logging there to catch leaks in the future, see https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974353
* Another by-product: updated emulator build patch, see https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=897727
* Worked with Sotaro, fixed TextureChild::Finalize crash https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974629

Sotaro:
* different Gonk bugs
* helping bjacob with a bug
* 1.4 fence broke N5 and Flatfish - fixed first, working on second
* N5 camera enabled yesterday, we can use it now, still some bugs

Jeff:
* profiling on B2G, both tiling branches.  Euro tiling - sync transactions (UpdateTextureRegion) as well as gralloc allocation stood out, surprises, we should fix it.  Compositor profile looked good, especially from a few days ago.  Canada tiling - IPC for new TextureHosts stood out, maybe there is a limit for IPC traffic. 

________________


