nical:
* lots of reviews
* tried to avoid unnecessary context flushes in DrawTargetD2D, doesn't seem to make a difference
* made an upliftable version of the shutdown patch (now uplifted)

kats:
* (at bootcamp, will likely miss daily)
* landed various small patches
* built 1.3 code (ugh!) for hamachi to investigate bug 1004266 (tarako blocker), landed my crash fix because the other issue was pre-existing
* trying to unwind myself out of the pending bugs I have, spent the rest of the day on bug 1017065 which seems to be uncovering lots of compositor bugs
* bootcamp today and tomorrow

Jerry:
* wallpaper app flickering at Midori device(1.3+)
* we hit the limit size for the image buffer. mc also has this issue
* how about use thumbnail instead of full size image? Request needinfo to David.
* bug 1012551, gallery webgl image preview becomes black after unlock screen(1.3T+)
* maybe this is a driver issue.
* Jeff, could you please check bug 999264#c5 and #c6? Maybe I'm wrong in my comment.
* Project silk
* write a patch to generate fake, smooth move touch events to test project silk module's uniformity.

Chiajung:
* canvas converter

Peter:
* screenshot for nested processes - right now SW is used, but we want the compositor

Jeff:
* bootcamp
* indexdb bug
* skia retests

Sotaro:
* 1.3
* got a bunch of reviews from Nicolas

Dan:
* uplifting patches to beta and aurora
* texsubimage rejecting float format textures fix attempted, but the patch will stay on aurora/31
* multiple render buffer attachments, regression a while ago
* back into WebGL this week
* on cedar, 10.9 tests don't run

Jeff:
* OMTC D3D has r+, need to fix up some things and land; failing on XP ref tests, no local failures; will try on a borrowed machine otherwise skip it on XP
* conformance test updates conversations
* comparing delay frame vs. fence forwarding - no real difference in performance or latency

Walter:
* emulated
* skia updates

Matt
* Monday
* Public holiday
* Tuesday
* pdf.js printing regressions - bug 1003707
* OMTC TART performance
* Wed
* OMTC TART performance - bug 940845
* reviews

BenWa:
* Bootcap
* Looked at keyboard performance with dhuseby

________________


