Bas:
* intel drivers issues with D2D
* DrawTargetTiled for feedback and review
* still looking for the SVG issue solution

Nicolas:
* sample try run for linux tiling, some off by one errors
* windows crash, video codepath without a null check

Chris:
* OMTC linux on inbound, except for that reftest failure, no new ideas
* 1006084 - no tiling on some scrollable pages (massive upload pauses) - patch to let layers be recreated instead of recycling to stay the same layer type

Sotaro:
* WMW correctness issue on master - asm.js change caused it, backout patch fixes the problem
* CPU usage, FPS, HWC usage drops it

Woodrow:
* intel bug with Bas
* cashing for shadows, 10% improvement on Windows 7

kats:
* while trying to fix bug 1021248 i refactored a lot of the ClientTiledThebesLayer::Render logic which was pretty complicated, spun out bug 1023882 for it.
* tried various things for the "dark text" problem (bug 1020778) and posted screenshots on the bug for UX people to look at
* flick vs. touch/follow a link discussion with Gordon

BenWa:
* Looking into the frame rate drop for WMW

botond:
* fixed bug 1022381 (preventing RectTyped<RectTyped<LayerPixel>> footgun)
* investigated and fixed bug 1023491 (APZC tree log showing garbage for content description strings)
* discussions with Cwiiis/Kats/Jeff/Nical about various APZ issues (overscrolling, low-res tiling)
* filed some bugs
* flicker at bottom of settings app when overscrolled: bug 1023473
* content description string in APZC tree log too short to be useful: bug 1023557
* discussion with Gordon about UX for having two fingers down in an overscrolled state (bug 1022719)
* have WIP patch for fixing the problem

DanG:
* WebGL2 - Have uniform buffer and map buffer range working in JS code.
* S3TC bug on testing mac minis with 10.9.
* Could it be that Intel 3000 drivers are buggy?
* (My machines have 4000 and 5000)

JeffG:
* Land OMTC stuff for WebGL
* Blocked by B2G - Emulator returns false
* Thinking about how to restructure code that does WebGL->Compositor sync. Bug 1023558

Walter:
* WebGL Conformance bugs
* Lots of bugs fixed, or easy to fix.

Peter:
* Screenshots taking from compositor - updated to take screenshot from the compositor process but there might be security issues. 
* Investigating solution.
* Performance issue due to copying more than twice for canvas case.

Mason:
* Project Silk:
* Design work to get touch events.
* Performance issue with IPC. Latency is up-to 35-40ms.

jrmuizel:
* Found and fixed DrawTargetSkia bug 1023691 which looks like it was the cause for remaining omtc reftest regressions in bugs/reftest.list
* Looked into some of the work we'd need to do for css-filters
* WMW we decided to go with the fence forwarding patch on 1.4

________________


