BenWa:
* Fixed EventTracer failures
* Landed a patch to remove profiler footgun of forgetting -f threads
* r+ on nm-symbolicate, will land today
* The system layer tree regressed. Looking into flattening DisplayOpacity and BackgroundColor. Should simplify drawing and make less layers. Then we can probably simplify the system app DOM.

DanG:
* Investigated issue with 10.9 and S3TC texture conformance test failing (Bug 1009642)
* Looking at the failures it appears to be a driver bug on Intel HD 3000 cards. Works on Intel HD 4000 (new Mac Mini) and Intel HD 5000 (Mac Air).
* Decided to blacklist the S3TC texture extension on 10.9. (Bug 1024256)
* WebGL 2
* Fixing ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER breakage.

Bas:
* Landed DrawTargetTiled.
* Investigated Intel behavior some more. Multiple sites calling CreateTexture2D with initialization data, we have some evidence now that that's a bad
* idea on intel hardware.
* Look into merging Moz2D.

Chris:
* layer promotion/demotion (to stay tiled) is in review
* having trouble reproducing a scrolling bug
* investigate OMTC test failure
* refreshed the Gaia patch

Matt:
* with Jeff on css-filters
* paint all tiles at once

Nicolas:
* camera app Flame bug, Sotaro probably fixed it accidentally
* multi draw target for tiling, sorting out how to plug it in
* cleanup patches
* OS X crash fix uplifted

Sotaro:
* HWC performance problem; turns out it's OpenGL regression as well
* with the fix, back to what it was before - but we need to increase the frame buffer number

jrmuizel:
* Talked with matt about css-filters and css blending. We looked some into what skia does for destination reading, but failed to find what we were looking for
* investigated the d3d texture initialization stuff
* landed previous skia work
* began work on the svg directory of reftests with skia
* some clang-cl stuff

botond:
* discussions with people about C++
* some planning with Ehsan for named args proposal
* bug 1022719 (overscroll effect stuck with two or more fingers down)
* implemented a couple of different approaches, talked to Gordon to choose one, posted it for review
* bug 1019996 (overscroll effect for position:fixed elements)
* came up with initial plan, will try implementing today

kats:
* landed refactoring in bug 1023882, bounced, debugging now
* landed patch for bug 1021248 (correctness issue on low-res), bounced because of stupid. fixed, relanded
* landed patch for bug 1022577 to fix an incorrect click event issue
* running out of options on the "heavy text in low-res" issue, jonathan kew says it's mostly fonts/hinting and resolution related which isn't something we can change easily.

________________


