BenWa:
* Reviewed and fixed failure for xpcom event tracer - landed
* Working on merging opacity and background color. We took the wrong approach so had to backtrack. New solution is passing try
* Landed patch to remove GetResponsivenessTimes
* http://people.mozilla.org/~bgirard/cleopatra/#report=2fdc02682de13b5134bbd8b2f4941fc51f16a0fe

kats:
* PTO friday
* re-landed bug 1023882 with a small adjustment to fix the reftest, hopefully it sticks
* looking into the reftest fail on bug 1021248, can intermittently repro on a local emulator build

sotaro
* Bug 1024324(Can not playback video regression). It was caused by Bug 979104. It was already backed out.

bas:
* Worked on the new DrawTargetTiled. Tried some performance thing we had in mind, reasonable results. For software some talos tests are about 20% slower, but the other test are about constant. For hardware some tests regress by 100% but tscroll improves a little bit.
* Discussed 2d sorted scene graph

cwiiis:
* Response on test failing bug, the test is wrong and it expected an order when nothing to guaranted. Testing a patch that was attached to see if it fixes. OMTC linux can land.
* Landed some patches

nical:
* Trying to find the clipping issue, we found the solution.
* Found the time to do the reviews.

jrmuizel:
* Talked with Bas and Matt Woodrow about how having a 2d sorted scene graph would work from layout's point of view
* Wrote a patch to speed up masking in svg that I saw
* Investigated color float to byte conversion inconsistency in the tree and wrote a patch to improve it for skia
* some clang-cl work
---

DanG:
* Landed Bug 1024256
* Tried to profile frame rate of instanced drawing with Cleopatra on Win7
* Couldn't get the symbol server to work even after following instructions vlad pointed me to
* Appears that 70% of the time is spent in SharedSurface_TripleBuffer::SwapProducer
* But maybe that's wrong if the symbols aren't working?

Matt
* Profiling Tiling for svgr_opacity
* Moz2D regression (bug 1025652)

________________


