Nical:
* Bug 1260662 pretty bad invalidation bug, I can't repro, did anyone change something affecting invalidation of ImageLayers in the last few weeks ?
* the shutdown patch queue is landable modulo something that I had to comment out in BasicCompositor, disabled by default on windows
* list of the shutdown TODOs and shmem TODOs
* a patch that check the compositor backend before casting in TextureHost code.



jnicol
* my layer flattening patches are causing ooms when i zoom in, literally the opposite of what they're meant to do :/ investigating why



Bas:
* repeated composition pegging the CPU, trying to figure out what WM_PAINT events, etc.
* performance with bake layers 
* regions stuff



kats:
* updated patches on bug 1261158 and put them up for review (converting some image tests to mochitest-plain for e10s). also put up patches for bug 1261816 and bug 1261509 which I ran into while doing this.
* some discussion with the e10s folks for the talos regressions and the INPUT_EVENT_RESPONSE_MS probe data



botond:
  - brief investigation into bug 1261310 (crash in Matrix4x4::operator*); seems unrelated to bug 1069417 (strongly-typed matrices)
  - addressed second round of review comments for bug 1194913 (showing the commit's author in MozReview), landed it
  - finished reviewing bug 1246290 (disabled APZ per-scrollframe)
  - landed bug 1219296 (compositor scroll snapping) and bug 1259301 (remove GeckoContentController::RequestFlingSnap)
  - working on bug 1259296 (APZ handling scroll snapping for wheel events)
  - unbitrotted an old refactoring patch (bug 1163320) for nsRunnableMethodArguments



lee
* finished tracking down box shadow security bug to something Mason already fixed the same week
* implemented LockBits for Win32 Cairo draw targets



jrmuizel
* Some tiledregion stuff with mstange
* Looked into OS X upload performance
* YUV conversion planning
* started trying to bisect the bug nical was talking about
* talked with anthony about trying to get our graphics crashes broken out by component
* investigated Microsoft's newly released lifetime analyzer. It is not sound :)



mchang
* mostly learning hlsl 



edwin
* 1256678 - crash in FillGlyphs. almost reproduced. I'm thinking it's related to printing on parent process with GDI fonts.



gw280
* Wrapping up e10s stuff mostly
* Fixing flash breakage on Windows 32-bit after a patch I landed broke it last week.

________________


