nical:
* fixed a regression where a compositor gets destroyed after its widget causing a crash when accessing the gl context
* consolidating the code that checks compositor backends
* we don't force basic compositor for a lot of the small widget stuff, is that a desirable thing? (I guess not)



edwin
* 1244883 -- ClearImagesFromImageBridge crash -- looked a bit more at why the diagnostic crash was being hit on Ash, but looks like nical may have fixed that. doing another try run with current m-c and will land diagnostic patch again if it's green.
* 1256678/1263493 -- GDI FillGlyphs crash -- diagnostic crash was hit over the weekend, have STR thanks to some hints from jfkthame; should have a patch today or tomorrow.



jnicol
* making progress with using inactive layers for preserve3d 2d-transforms. (bug 1252711)



mchang
* texture sharing



lee
* fighting with skia update, MFBT fixes



gw280
* RIP content process rename
* moved TextureClientPool to ShadowLayerForwarder, didn't do what I wanted it to do. Looks like CompositorChild is per-process so I'll see what happens if I use that instead.



kats:
* mostly working on bug 1257641 to move the paint-skipping stuff into empty transactions. have patches for it, fixing up tests now.
* jwatt was seeing a compositor startup failure (bug 1263200) which is happening in the wild as well, did some poking around there



BenWa:
* Annotating failure causes for telemetry.



botond:
  - TRIBE
  - bug 1259296 (APZ handling of scroll snapping for wheel events) - wrote patches, landed
  - bug 1249040 (wheel scrolling with scroll-snap-type: proximity) - wrote patches, under review
  - bug 1260018 (link drags break scrolling) - partial diagnosis, workaround patch, discussed with :jimm, continuing to debug
  - reviews: bug 1261373 (content response telemetry)

________________


