BenWa:
* Discussed FPS counter with mchang
* Talos profiler changes landed, waiting for them to go to production
* Cleaned up the cleopatra UI and added tabs
* Created wrapper header and finishing profiler gtest
* Added composition uniformity (What's that?)
* https://www.dropbox.com/s/tn3bc7v5qz74prf/Screenshot%202014-04-30%2017.15.46.png




gw280:
* Fixed moz2d for upstream skia
* Looked into the dotted line fix with upstream, spoke with Mike. Provided a testcase for them.
* Hopefully fixed the moz2d builder canary at Google



kats:
* fixed bug 1002754 which was causing a crash with progressive painting enabled
* discussion with bjacob, Bas, jgilbert about shaders for overscroll effects and what we can/should/shouldn't do
* filed bug 1004459 with patch while looking into low-res tiling
* threw together a patch for a fennec fullscreen bug 859683 while waiting for a build



botond
* reviewed patch for bug 1002754 (use-after-free in APZ code), looked into IPDL code a bit in preparation
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* continued trying to get my mochitest to work
* came across and filed bug 1004271 about MOZ_ASSERT and MOZ_CRASH not sending output to stdout/stderr on b2g-emulator
* currently having a problem with the WebIDL/XPIDL interaction, investigating with Ehsan's help
* bug 998025 (overscroll)
* had IRC discussion with Kats/Bas/Benoit, thought more about design



bjacob
* Triaging skia failures, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004252
* 150 failures, the majority just need some fuzz, some real ones though
* real one: css-gradients/twostops* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004478
* real one: WebGL alpha-premult https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004483
* real one: off-by-half-pixel text https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004489




sotaro
* Bug 1004191, Investigated LayerTransactionChild leak problem. Created a patch.
* Bug 1000525, updating the pach. During debugging found Bug 1004191.
* also found TabChild leak.



DanG:
* This appears to be my life:



djg in ~/Mozilla/hg/src
[255] $ hg push -f try                                                                                                            ⤬
pushing to ssh://hg.mozilla.org/try
searching for changes
remote: waiting for lock on repository /repo/hg/mozilla/try held by 'hgssh1.dmz.scl3.mozilla.com:9571'
remote: abort: repository /repo/hg/mozilla/try: timed out waiting for lock held by hgssh1.dmz.scl3.mozilla.com:9571
abort: unexpected response: empty string


* Bug 1003607
* Reviewing patches for :jgilbert



Matt
* Started looking at single rect painting again. https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Try&rev=bee492a8dae3
* Looks like a real-ish tscrollx and TART win for win8, but a TART regression for win7
* Need to talk to Jeff to see if he wants to try finish his region simplification patch before we land

________________


