BenWa:
* Enabled JSStreamWriterTest (1005204)
* Posted a patch for profiler log
* Landed a few tweaks to layers.dump and displaylist.dump
* http://benoitgirard.wordpress.com/2014/05/05/profiler-frame-performance-and-debugging/

Matt
* Zooming 3d transforms (bug 995871)
* Various small bugs

Nical:
* Yet another attempt at fixing the shutdown issue. Turns out there is no safe way to deallocate an ipdl protocol from another thread even after sending a synchronous message (which makes sense now that I think about it). It passes try so far, up for review.
* trying to run TART with the talos addon thingy, the tests don't start (although it works from ./mach but I don't know if I can hook up vtune to an already running process, will look into that tomorrow).
* Got sick, couldn't sleep last night so took the rest of the day off to sleep and go see a doctor.
* 3 reviews

gw280:
* Working on bug 1004489 (font failures under Linux). Test servers are showing failures to do with hinting. Definitely an issue related to bug 915938 but it doesn't reproduce on Fedora.
* Installed Ubuntu to try and reproduce the test server failures.



Bas:
* OMTC popups, small windows, not reproducible on the local Mac Mini, try is still the only place where it “fails"
* OMTC basic is failing some WebGL tests

Jeff:
* back from PTO

Sotaro:
* updating fence failure issue connect/disconnect, reviewed
* layer transaction leak, have a patch
* PTexture shutdown changes patch

kats:
* more work on the jank in low-res tiling scrolling, filed bug 1005908. seems to be coming from BindTexture in gralloc texture sources
* put up a new patch for bug 859683 (fennec fullscreen issue) since the first one got minused
* some discussion on bug 986884 to discuss how :active state should work in the face of various gestures and whether or not the page is scrollable. our current behaviour is not ideal; now waiting for UX to chime in
* had the weekly sync with gordon about homescreen 2.0 APZ items. he's going to try out the flywheel behaviour and provide us with feedback on tuning. they also seem to be converging on an overscroll effect which should be easy to implement for us (simple scaling transform)

botond
* landed patch for bug 1004620 (unified build issue)
* bug 1004775 (SpecialPowers not recognizing 'out jsval' parameters)
* difficult to fix properly, instead landed patch that adds warning to nsIDOMWindowUtils not to use 'out jsval’ parameters
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* continued trying to get mochitest to run after relevant paints
* ran into bug 1005378 (TabChild setting uninitialized scroll id)
* have idea for fix, want to investigate why it's only happening on emulator
* reviewed some patches by Kats, Timothy

bjacob
* Worked some on https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004483, WebGL refest failure w/ skia content
* Looked more at Mac success rates decrease https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=999445, that's getting attention from WebGL app developers on the public_webgl list…
* Updated and added GPU vendor stats on http://people.mozilla.org/~bjacob/gfx_features_stats/
* Read some of the x86-64 ABI document and looked at https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004134, the Mac GLEngine@0x3bfff crash reported by beltzner
* Benchmarked different approaches for WebGL drawElements optimization on https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=984783 , conclusion: lets remove invalidation tracking: simpler code and simpler perf characteristics without bad case

Vlad:
* Optimus corruption with OMTC

________________


