Sotaro:
* IPC failure bug on m-c, have a 1.4 patch now
* Flame, first builds (some HWC issues)
* Tiling not used on Flame

Jeff:
* catching up
* OS X and not using GL - caught the problem - OGL profile version check
* They were claiming 1.4 even though they had extensions to make it "2.0" like

Chris:
* OMTC on Linux, blocking us mostly with performance regressions
* Most regresions are ~20%, one is nasty at 10x, some other ones

Bas:
* tests are now "usually successful", they started passing - performance: 2-3 minute freeze, looking at windows messages
* new machine setup

BenWa:
* Fixed linking issues the stderr logging patch.
* Tested the talos profiling patch. Things are working!
* Reviewed: Frame colors (check tearing), expose overfill counters, histogram patch
* Discussed color managment changes with Jeff

Nical:
* looking at webgl with omtc-basic on windows
* shutdown problem patch up for review, doing well on try so far

Matt
* Fixing pdf.js printing (<canvas>) - bug 1003707
* Refresh driver throttling review comments and regressions
* Tried to get my head around Jeff's region simplification patch

DanG:
* More WebGL 2 implementation. Started porting some examples from https://github.com/g-truc/ogl-samples so I have something to test against.
* Wondering is WebGL2RenderingContext should be exposed via window object in JS…
* Have no idea about this. Way out-of-my-depth. Vlad? Benoit? Jeff?
* Not way out of your depth :) By default, interfaces declared in Web IDL must be and are exposed as JS interfaces (by default on the DOM window object)

kats:
* continued working on bug 1005908.
* Seems to be a flush forced in the eglImageTargetTexture2D call; have a couple of hacky workarounds which seem to move the flush into EndFrame.
* Cwiiis walking me through verifying the low-res painting code is working correctly. Found at least one problem there, although not sure yet if it will fix the jank issue
* reviews, feedbacks, etc

botond
  - ran into tiling-related assertion, filed bug 1006006
         - worked around it by commenting out assertion
  - discovered software home button on nexus 4 is gone
         - intentional; can:
             1) use swipe from bottom of screen to go to homescreen; or
             2) restore software home button in developer settings
  - fixed bug 1005378 (bogus scroll id in TabChild), will land today
  - bug 961289 (APZ testing)
         - got test mechanics to work correctly
         - remaining work: write specific test logic for bug 982141 (subframe displayports)
  - bug 998025 (overscroll)
         - began implementing
 

bjacob
* Worked with jrmuizel on https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=999445, fixed
* Filed followup bug https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1006050
* Avoiding passing stack buffers to the GL, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1005658 , as a fix for the class of bugs including hopefully https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1004134

________________


