BenWa:
* Looked at b2g flame scrolling. Profile looks very nice! We're making great progress. But it still doesn't feel smooth. I'm suspecting it's the animation.
* Implemented MOZ_PERFORMANCE_WARNING()
* Implemented scroll uniformity graph. Just profile with layers.dump
* Trying to understand why scrolling looks janky on the flame

Bas:
* Timeout OMTC bug, connect with Jim M. on it

Chris:
* OMTC performance Linux; the extra time seems to be in "transaction internal" (layers painting and transaction); a bit of a pain with missing symbols
* Flame

bjacob:
* WebGL2 conversation came to a satisfactory conclusion
* will look at the bug Kats  asked about
* GL context using Chromium IPC ids - patch review asked by Taipei

Sotaro:
* WMW app correctness issue (flickering), some of it will stay unfixed because of an architectural issue
* buffer ownership management between surface stream and layer is part of the cause; need async transaction and connect the two

Jeff:
* Skia reftest investigation (bug 1007146)
* This led to bugs 1007699 and 1007700
* Got region patch commitable which mattwoodrow did

kats:
* fixed and relanded my patch for bug 859683 (stupid variable initializations…)
* more reviewing of botond's mochitest patches
* talked to bjacob about the eglimage caching problem, waiting for him to take a look
* got a review from timothy on bug 1001438 to change how we set the critical displayport, so working through those comments. best way forward seems to be making fennec also set the displayport via margins rather than a rect, so working on doing that.

botond
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* addressed review comments
* fixed build failures on Try
* asked for a few more reviews
* my test for bug 982141 is passing locally but failing on Try - need to look into it

DanG:
* Hacked up implementation of glMapBufferRange/glFlushMappedBufferRange after talking to Vlad
* map function returns ArrayBuffer for JS to cast to various types for writing to.
* unmap function neuters the ArrayBuffer so it becomes invalid
* Got to the point where I need ES3 -> GLSL translator from Angle to get shaders to compile.
* Need the 'uniform buffers' new hotness.
* Looking at es3-proto branch of ANGLE doesn't look like this is feature complete.
* Jeff: How easy is it to drop in an different ANGLE branch for testing locally?

gw280:
* bug 1004489 (fonts issue with skia - some glyphs get incorrectly hinted/rendered/aligned). Looks to be a generic issue, and I now have a reduced testcase. The issue only reproduces when using a special font that renders certain glyphs as "PASS", and the different rendering occurs when using different glyphs to render that "PASS". See attachment on the bug for more info.
* Starting looking at 950173 (imagelib sec bug)
* Submitted the even rounding patch upstream to Skia, they want a testcase. Working on that.
* Mike @ Google is working on fixing the zero-length dash issue (bug 1002466)



Matt
* Landed a bunch of patches
* Moz2D conversion - bug 991575
* Looked into painting errors with BasicCompositor

________________


