Bas:
* OMTC timeout bug, waiting for a message, had existing bug 937306, a bit of a complication with the backouts, beta failures, etc.  working on this now.
* will bring up in the OMTC retrospective



Chris:
* linux omtc performance investigations

Sotaro:
* Flame and HWC enabling
* some media bug
* gralloc buffer ownership between canvas layer and surface stream

bjacob:
* with Kats on EGL binding
* with Collabora Fred
* Skia reftest failure

BenWa:
* Changed the frame uniformity to be in screen pixel. Fixed a few bugs with my output. Everything runs very well on the flame.
* Diagnosed the problem with jiterry scrolling on the vertical homescreen. They 'abuse' will-change to create ~20 layers. We need to handle more layers but in most cases 20 layers isn't needed.
* Looked at PDF.js performance. Blog post went out, people we're saying it was too slow. Found that we were copying the canvas because we were holding a snapshot. Bug 1007897. Filed a JS bailout bug
* Mentored fix to qcms
* Discussing with PDF.js that their renderChunk call should happen inside rAF otherwise a frame get a variable number of renderChunk and stutters
* Investigating why libpng doesn't support gAMA properly. The code seems to be doing the right thing.

Nical:
* the shutdown fix got backed out (6-7th time maybe), this time because of an intermittent e10s mochitest failure. The failure doesn't clearly show what the problem is (some assertion about thread priorities later in the shutdown).
* Looking at bug 970002
* doesn't reproduce on Linux
* doesn't reproduce on Win7 + D3D11 OMTC
* testing other configurations..
* In any case, what we do with CanvasClient2D is pretty horrible: we always allocate a new TextureClient/Host pair for each frame without trying to recycle them, so even though we shouldn't be leaking, it's pretty intense in term of allocation/deallocation. Also, we are currently using memory textures to pass canvas frames with D3D11 which is bad.
* reviews and feedback (getting a bit behind my reviews cause I have lots of them...)

kats:
* added a patch to bug 1001438 to make fennec using the margins-based displayport setter
* wrote up a patch for bug 1005908 to pipe in a hint and avoid the unnecessary  fEGLImageTargetTexture2D call
* found another problem with low-res tiling where the content process hangs in genlock code when layers dumping is enabled (i should see if this happens without low-res tiling too...)

botond
* brief discussion with BenWa about avoiding updating the APZC tree during repeat transactions, filed bug 1007728
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* example test for bug 982141 failing when it runs together with other tests because it's not the top-level document
* trying to rewrite it using a helper page / window.open, not working yet
* bug 998025 (overscroll effects)
* posted a patch that implements parts of it (flinging, snap-back animation, actual rendering still to be done)

DanG: Doge Guide to ANGLE (feel free to edit)
* Pull latest version of ANGLE into tree to get ES 3 support for the translator.
* Spent some time learning about gyp and moz.build.
* Tried to use gyp files because what we need is more build systems.
* Much pain. Very sad. So disappoint. Wow
* In the end just ported new ANGLE structure to moz.build.
* Which was easier than :jgilbert implied.
* <jgilbert> Yeah, but we want to get off this train, as it's not really maintainable.
* Updated WebGLContextGL::CompilerShader to handle changes to translator interface.
* Mostly unified access to variables, which is nice.
* Ran example ES 3 shader with uniform buffer through translator.
* Much crashes. Very NULL ptr deref. So disappoint. Wow
* Fixed up buggy code on es3_proto branch.
* Hipster Level 100
* Do we have a process for contributing these fixes back to ANGLE? They don't use GitHub so I don't think "Pull Request" is supported. - Jeff G?
* <jgilbert> file an ANGLE issue and attach a patch. Also tell them you're from Mozilla, because I've had high friction with them taking my issues seriously before they realized who I was.
* <jgilbert> Also I thought the es3 stuff got merged into Master. Is it still only in the ES3-proto?

jgilbert:
* Revived old-style single-harness mochitest for WebGL 1.0.2 tests
* Context loss cleanup green on Try
* Submitted PRs to fix and clarify parts of the spec relating to context loss
* Assert-cached-state patch green on Try
* Amending auto-MakeCurrent patch to support:
* WebGL: "just Make me Current as I call”
* Android+B2G: Cache with TLS
* Windows: Also cache with TLS, since we run ANGLE
* Other: For now, MakeCurrent for each glFunc call
* Compositor: "I'm going to MakeCurrent once per frame”
* SkiaGL: Same as WebGL?
* Various reviews

Matt
* Various small regression bugs (979350, 997336, 1006198)

jrmuizel
* Working on adding d3d9 layer support for Skia (bug 1007821 and bug 1007700)

________________


