BenWa:
* Rest of the profiler patches have landed
* Looking into e10s bugs

sotaro:
* Commented on kats bug
* How to fix buffer rotation
* Make ImageBridge transaction async

DanG:
* Spent the day trying to upgrade OSX from GL 2.1 to GL 3.2+
* World of pain:
* Context creation changes
* Change APIs that have been removed.
* Shaders are incompatible.

kats:
* figured out bug 1008412 was causing my scroll jank, have a fix up for review
* many versions of a fix to bug 1005908, still trying to come up with a version that handles all the cases
* looking into bug 1006790 (scroll jitter on youtube)
* critical displayport changes in bug 1001438 have some try failures so looking into that

botond
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* reworked example test for bug 982141 so it passes on TBPL
* addressed more review comments
* waiting for 3 more reviews
* bug 998025 (overscroll effects)
* some discussions
* plan to focus on it this week

Nical:
* filed 1008211 and uploaded a patch (double buffered CanvasClient2D), still need to figure out whether we want it on b2g (in which case it needs fence support) or only on Windows
* filed 1008221 (don't use BufferTextureClient with CanvasClient2D) and uploaded a patch (r+, waiting for green try)
* reading IPDL code to try to figure out what's up with shutdown
* reviews

jrmuizel
* Landed first part of d3d9 skia layers support. Improved cart by 6%
* Hope to finish up the last parts today

Cwiiis:
* Found the performance regression. We are using XSync and calling it lots and lots. Running talos jobs on try.
* Looking into why we are calling XSync on unlock.

Bas:
* Several OMTC bug. Trying to readback in skia surface where we don't have LockBits
* Patch for GL Layers doesn't use the canvas backend for reading back but cairo can read back faster than that.
* Bug where if an imagine update arrives early we will still draw the image at the old size.
* After these issues everything is green. What do we do with the perf differences.

________________


