Matt
* Investigated performance regressions with refresh driver throttling
* Moz2D printing regressions
* Looking into uplift friendly solution to canvas hangs (bug 1001853)
* Patch landings

DanG:
* Bug Reviews for :jgilbert
* Trying to resolve mess with modern GL context
* MacMini arrived
* So far OSX Lion fails to install. (Installer on USB displays circle and slash)
* Vlad said you have a multi-boot mac mini for testing in Toronto, so any help with installing older version of OSX would be appreciated.

kats:
* Fixed bug 1005409 (assertion getting tripped in b2g debug builds)
* Fixed bug 1006790 (jitter while scrolling on youtube comments)
* Wrote a patch for the assertion that was failing my low-res try push, bug 1009184
* Updated the patch for the eglimagetargettexture2d caching, bug 1005908
* Investigated bug 1004710 which appeared to be tiling but was actually in gaia
* Investigated/dealt with a handful of incoming/old fennec bugs (bug 956395, bug 1009150, bug 1009168, bug 1009306)
* Will start writing APZ design documentation (for realz this time)

Nical:
* landed bug 1008211
* looking at an intermittent video test with OMTC on windows
* still pushing a few ideas to try about the shutdown stuff (try servers often "locked" since yesterday)

botond
* bug 961289 (APZ testing)
* fixed one more issue with mochitest on TBPL (helper file's name started with "test_", was ran as test by harness!)
* waiting for 1 more review
* bug 998025 (overscroll effects)
* posted patch that adds support for overscroll during a flings

jrmuizel:
* Mostly finished up the d3d9 skia layers stuff

sotaro:
* Flame device problem with hardware codec. Got the review but can't land to that b2g repo.
* Worked on implementing buffer ownership with image client.

bjacob:
* Tried to see if skia problem was specific to main thread and would go away with OMTC. Skia content doesn't render at all with OMTC. On windows OMTC basic skia content renders fine. Problems do reproduce on OMTC basic skia on windows.

benwa:
* Working on getting mac plugins working on OSX (Input events and rendering problems)
* Proposed a new API to deal with RefLayer coming from remote layers

Cwiiis:
* Found the Xsync was missing symbol. Spoke with mattwoodrow and fixed the issue. Didn't make a huge impact since we were going to do the work anyways but it has made an improvement.
* For SVGr-opacity with OMTC+basic could be the difference between flattening and not. Would explain why this test has a huge regression and not.

bas:
* Worked on the remaining test failure. Got suggestions from matt and roc. All the test on windows are green except one but the intermittent is permanent.
* Once we have that fixed its the perf story
* Waiting on the event handling patch from nrc.

________________


