BenWa:
* I have input events and rendering for mac e10s plugins but it doesn't stop rendering when the tab is hidden. Need to clean up hacks
* Looking into bug 1009646. Could be a problem with how skia handles snapshot
* Reviews



kats:
* landed bug 1009184 to fix the assertion i was seeing with the low-res tiling patches
* still waiting on one review for all the low-res prerequisites to land. then we can just flip the prefs
* started writing design docs for APZ code, wip linked from bug 992122
* looking at incoming B2G APZ bugs which i can't repro
* considering an overhaul of the gesture detection code in APZ since we have a bunch of bugs there, see bug 1009733



botond
* bug 961289 (APZ testing) waiting for 1 more review by Waldo
* bug 998025 (overscroll effects)
* implemented snap-back animation, resistance, simple visual effect
* next: interaction with touch events, tune physics, actual visual effect



Nical:
* shutdown adventure: the last try push is promising I need more test runs to be sure (basically I leak the Compositor thread). Actually, I get other failures.
* submited a patch for the async-video intermittent failure
* looked at our new omtc test failures (bug 1006765 could maybe have caused it)
* reviews

sotaro
* Bug 1005908
* genlock failures fixed!
* investigate camera preview problem (very slow on flame device)

jrmuizel
* d3d9 layer patches are done
* tried to determine if talos regression was real (bug 994683) turns out the regression framework was confused about what was better and what was worse
* back to reftests failures (1010273)
* seems like there are still some blending issues

Bas
* 3 new tests failing (likely the same cause)
* WaitMsg fix bug debate (bsmedberg)
* To switch on today (need reviews, smedberg reviews, regressions)
* Wants help for regressions

Chris:
* The regression is mainly down to the XSync (two more that are unnecessary without e10s)
* bad news (failures on m-e10s all related to video, intermittent crashes)

Jeff G:
* conformance suite
* ANGLE update, Vlad is working on it so is Dan; ANGLE repository in our github and we can use that to copy into the tree
* context lost - trying to get to try
* context foreground after that, will need re-basing

Dan:
* WebGL2, played with ANGLE (ES3 features), but they haven't done it for the shader translator, spent some time adding that code
* First patch as a test against ANGLE
* https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/#/c/199687/
* On the Mac, we grab the old context, can't handle anything higher than 1.4 - asking for core context, you lose all the legacy - nothing older than 1.5, so the compositor shaders fail…
* Will move to Windows, to see how it works - don't need performance yet, just validation
* JS bindings for array buffer - to prototype GL map buffer/range

Jerry:
* orientation performance issue - we can handle this on the Gaia side; we should be done now
* frame uniformity - new protocol for IPC - removing the dependency

Chiajung:
* canvas bug, work in progress patch, performance seems to be OK
* dynamic texturing for WebGL

Peter:
* landed 1.4 composer bug fix
* there is a failing mochitest now, will have to check it
* image bridge child on demand creation - trying this
* image bridge shutdown problem

gw280:
* Rolled a new Skia update because it's overdue. Builds on Linux, some build failures on other platforms.
* Spent some time debugging bug 1009722 (skia content doesn't work with OMTC basic layers on Linux). Ruled out a few codepaths which could have
* been the issue but didn't find the issue itself.
* Fixed moz2d builder upstream again by fixing bug 1008267 (stop using get/setLocalMatrix)
* Spent some time familiarising myself with the imagelib code

________________


