kats:
* landed bug 897996 and bug 994293 to turn on low-res/progressive, but it got backed out due to a recently added test suite (b2g-desktop reftest-oop). now trying to figure what the heck that is and how to run it locally
* tracked down a fennec regression from my displayport changes (bug 1014054) and landed a fix this morning. also fixed fennec bug 1014034 which was easy to do while i was in the code.
* discovered printf_stderr wasn't working. complained on #mobile. myk and i found other logging bustages - bug 1014814 for printf_stderr and some console breakage, bug 1014800 for browser.js dump going to the wrong place, and bug 1014794 for content console.log calls not showing up in logcat. spent some time bisecting those and blaming people.
* did some investigation on bug 999021 to exonerate APZ code in position:sticky malfunctioning
* more reviews for overscroll effect
* patch on bug 946879 to delete part of the layer dump because it crashes on b2g - any objections? --> suggestion: disable on b2g (and fennec) instead?

botond:
* bug 998025 (overscroll effect)
* investigated and fixed gtest failures, fixed 3 bugs along the way
* have green try build now, waiting for 1 more review (from Vivien, for developer pref)
* some discussion with Timothy about handling of background colors
* need to expose background color of a layer to compositor

Cwiiis:
* Seeing garbage where we should have a fix position layer. The render offset is applied twice to some layer
* Hosting an event in the office

nical:
* Landed the shutdown patch
* Having trouble with windows partition
* Had trouble with b2g build
* Did some reviews

bas:
* Worked on the omtc bug and looked at the visual glitched and fixed it.

sotaro:
* Bug 1006957(buffer ownership). Fix flickering problem during HwComposer composition. got review+. I am going to check in soon.

jrmuizel:
* BenWa and at were looking at b2g ffos performance, got profile with good symbols. Was looking at where the script times were going. Most of it had to do with framebuffer switched. Clear are more expensive then they need to be.

benwa:
* Patch to improve surface stream to add a frame of latency for better performance
* Working on gpu profiling, but I think I might of hit a bug in the mac driver
* Landed patch to remove skip layer spam, and nm-symbolicate

________________


