Jeff:
* JPEG-XR - evaluation tools so that they can reproduce our performance tests
* reviews (layer borders)
* alias, crash with Ehsan
* with Snorp - "get thebes surface for draw target" conversation - is the surface live or not (D2D -> live, not all do, we don't want any to, but...)

Bas:
* D3D11.  minimizing crash, fixed.  about:config and RMB popups black.  Related to async composition manager.  Scrollable layer related? Menus are fine, though.
* How to move forward with this? Works with basic layers, how does it work on other platforms?  Maybe doesn't at all.

Nicolas:
* B2G initialization problem (Justin's ref test failure), spent some time going in the wrong direction, seems to be a initialization order
* It may not be such an important test? seems to be just in the emulator. unsure where the fix is going to be.  
* PTO for the five day weekend

bjacob:
* Nvidia driver issue with Tegras, client wait sync, driver ignores timeout argument.  We can work around it with GLFinish on the producer side, but the question is how to actually deal with this.  Discussion continues (bad devices, versions, …)
* Needinfo's and reviews to do.
* SkiaGL

BenWa:
* gtest changes; having xul in xulunit won't work, so two xul DLLs, two different directories
* why do we want binary components and gtest?  pick our battles, but a lot of extra effort (two things that build system doesn't allow)

Joe:
* B2G test failure (forgetting we have alpha)
* a few new prerequisite bugs for OMT image animation, a few others
* today, fix the B2G test failure, continue other things
* we may still have image flashing

________________


