HTML5 stereo view, full screen, 869866
________________




gw280:
* https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Try&rev=8801309b10ce
* Looks mostly green, just the one mochitest left to fix
* yay?
* will look at the mochitest fix, and snorp's patch, to see if we can get the whole thing green

BenWa:
* Working on writing tests for APZC. The code looks good but there's a few minor things about it that is odd. Looks like we wont need much work in that class to support multi-apzc
* Posted a patch to record ts profile on talos. The patch is trivial but sadly we run python24 so zlib+base64 isn't there.
* Profiling longer runs like tp5 can't be done because we can't put large profiles in log files BUT we might be able to have an outgoing connection with AppEngine.
* Got a proper metro build working
* Want to try my build of player2d on joe' machine

bjacob:
* ISurfaceAllocator polymorphism minor mess, hoping for a patch today
* different random conversations

Bas:
* windows build fixed up (standalone, player2d); qt5 compatibility work (4.8.1, 5.0.2)
* getting skia and linux in order (player2d)
* player2d - can we make it work with core graphics (Quartz), instead of just cairo?

Jeff:
* upslide down Flash got back out and relanded (sticking so far)
* Azure content, non-windows (quartz patch, but also skia on different platforms, want to merge it all together and break into landable patches)

Joe:
* RGBX "do correctly" causes issues with B2G - restarts on leo
* layerize animated images visited (work in progress patch) - is there a way to test the correctness?
* today: the above leo issue, perhaps sync the start times

________________


