Dan:
        short week
        WebGL2 conformance tests.  Ken says the tests are hand ported from C++ and never been run.  We can have access to C++ code - maybe we want to emscripten those and run.  TypeScript in the meantime is a good way to get the ported tests linted and fixed.
        upside down Android video



Jeff:
        E10S and WebGL - sandbox issue?
        E10S, shared surfaces, Android the last not passing - UAF issues with host side recycling related?



David:
        APZ polish, usability related, correctness, etc.
        Virtually no checkerboarding right now



mchang
        1151489 - software vsync on b2g on all android versions. kit-kat still uses hardware vsync
        1151487 - software vsync compositor on fennec, trying to setup android build env
        1151603 - 10% tsvgr talos regression, due to unfortunate timing. waiting on try for a potential fix
        1134385 - updating some silk docs w/ kats feedback
        1149457 - b2g blocker, still figuring out the proper order with keyboard



Jerry
        1148718 - n5-l async video problem. fixed and landed
        1141053 - dolphin contact app performance
        1149480 - n5-l vsync-rd problem



jrmuizel
        Investigated why we failed to block the ironlake crashes
        Talked with Kairo about how to catch the startup MOZ_CRASHes earlier
        Looked more at some of the coverity issues
        Looked at the WARP crash (maybe something that has to do with D3D10Warp.dll)



Bas:
        disappearing menus bug, patch fixes popups, but the awesome bar drop down may still be in trouble
        global composite issue with canvas in 37, have a patch, with perhaps complex AA scenarios not quite covered, but that's <1% scenario



kats:
        filed bug 1151890 for APZ on OS X asserting, landed patch, got backed out
        investigated bug 1148889, fixed it, but it got backed out for reftest failures which I'm looking into
        a bunch of reviews/needinfos
        continuing trying to fix the drag and drop tests to work with async native event synthesization



botond:
  - investigated and posted fix for bug 1039818 (page loads zoomed out too much)
  - landed fix for bug 1145730 (mask layers / async transforms)
  - posted fix for bug 1150282 (repaint more often on Linux and Windows desktop APZ)
  - continued investigating scroll handoff with wheel scrolling on desktop; at least 3 issues:
          - handoff not working when waiting on content (?)
          - layerization difference compared to b2g
          - mechanism for content to set correct target not working



sotaro
        bug 1144103(screen recording on gonk) Updated a patch
        bug 1151936(Fix GLContextEGL's EGLSurface override handling) Created a patch and got review+
        bug 1152135(Split HWC buffer swap and EGLSurface buffer swap) Created a patch and asking a feedback.
        bug 1150271(WebRTC session start crash) Start to look into the bug.



Nical:
        Some progress on tiling with genlock



________________


