kats:
* landed patches for bug 1154739 (apz only in e10s windows)
* moved my patch for scrollbar fixing to bug 1158933 since it was a pre-existing regression
* wrote a patch for bug 1158323 to stop triggering a warning that appears often
* investigated and wrote a patch for bug 1157579, still cleaning that up
* will look into b2g regression bug 1148350 next



Nical:
* OMTC on Linux
* X flush at the end of each transaction



mchang
* box shadow performance - very early initial results look ~3x faster for 1 test case



lee
* working with Jeff on cleaning up patch for 1127752
* fixing loading of tree Cairo and system Cairo at the same time



Bas:
* patch for the DXGI wrapper, still crashing, Jeff will help get symbols
* blacklisting and warp and popups
* video related crashes?  blacklist more aggressively?  maybe disable dxva on inbound?



mstange
* fixed jumpy APZ scrollbars (bug 1157936, regression from bug 1148515)
* debugged bug 1147194 (black screen, regression from paintedlayer recycling)
* tested jseward's linux stackwalker improvements



sotaro
* Bug 1156981(Split CompositorParent's scheduling of composition to CompositorScheduler) Updated a patch based on a comment.
* bug 1158293(audio playback problem with bluetooth) Analyzed the problem and created a patch. I am going to confirm the fix.
* bug 1158692(music playback crash) Found during bug 1158293 investigation. Created a patch and already checked-in.



jrmuizel
* landed Ironlake init crash
* tab switch bug
* investigated getting the DWM to tell us what it thinks is going on
* reviews
* investigated implementing xoring regions directly just so I could write some code





________________


