mchang
* bug 1101974 - Worked on silk documentation and working through reviews
* Clarified nsBaseWidget / Compositor shutdown process
* Going through refresh driver implementation



Jerry
* Work for refresh driver connection between chrome and content process. Put vsync dispatcher into puppet widget and nsBaseWindow.



Nical:
* patch to remove the per-tile-drawing code (not used)
* patch to fix a bug when a tiled layers goes from not component-alpha to component-alpha
* hoping that Jeff's TiledDrawTarget's fix also solves the reftest failure on b2g (I can't reproduce the issue on linux anymore), try push will tell.
* Weird thing on Mac: if firefox is launched from the doc, the fd limit is much lower (~800) than when doing mach run (~4000).
* reviews etc.



kats
* continued working my way through test failures for event-regions (all hanging off bug 1107280). almost all fixed on b2g



botond:
* bug 1076241 (getting rid of non-transient async transform, apz-css-transforms stage 2 blocker)
* was able to reproduce b2g test failure locally, debugged it --> my patch is causing an invalidation bug
* working with Timothy to trace down the bug and find the appropriate place to fix it
* working on addressing some review comments for bug 1073081 (warnings as errors on b2g)



sotaro
* worked for removing dormant state from MediaDecoder. Fixed tryserver error. Asking for review.
* Updated WebRTC camera preview gralloc usage. Updated a patch. Asking for review. 
* But it fix expose another HWC related bugs. When Hwc is used for rendering WebRTC video. Loop app's local video is rendered incorrectly. On OpenGL composition local video is clipped as circle. But when Hwc is used video is rendered as square area.



Dan:
* landing patches
* angle by-pass, webaudio patches are still to land



David:
* support for hit testing
* debugging with Kats, event regions, plug-ins related



Jeff G.:
* shader by-pass, some unexpected issues, close to completion
* reviews to land WebGL2 patches
* JeffM's patch for D3D11 angle



mstange:
* debugged bug 1106906 (white default button in Mac sheets)
* updated my tryserver Talos scripts



nical:
* remove some code (per tile drawing related)
* fixes to tiling + non-component-alpha -> component-alpha scenario
* issue with # file descriptors allowed on OS X, and differing between local and nightly builds



Bas:
* single texture for sync; not as much perf benefit - 1088414
* mysterious Windows 7 crash - compiler bug ?!



BenWa:
* Patch to fix how we run the layers invalidation code when rendering to a draw target
* Worked on compositor gtest
* Talked to ehsan about setting large texts in a text area



Jeff M:
* landed D3D11 Angle



________________


