Nical:
* Trying to figure out why omtc + debug is so slow on linux. local profiling (perf/zoom) doesn't show anything so far (although I was probably using the wrong tool for the job)
* is it easy to use the gecko profiler in reftests?
* Still looking at the tiled DT failures on b2g and android
* reviws, etc.

BenWa:
* Cleared my review queue
* Relanded layers.texture-dump (again, stupid b2g non-unified namespace)
* Landed will-change logging
* Worked on compositor gtest

Bas:
* single sync texture, caught an issue with D2D1.0
* looking for a faster approach, on try now

kats:
* more work on fixing event-regions test failures
* landed bug 1097289 (followup from bug 1109263 which i landed yesterday), couple of follow-ups for bug 1013432 (thanks sotaro for catching a rebase error that caused fling breakage!), bug 1089822, bug 1109855
* put up patches for review on bug 1109873, bug 1109677
* reworking patch for bug 1098654 based on feedback
* reviewed some patches, etc.

mchang
* bug 1080160 - Landed composite times in telemetry
* bug 1101974 - Talked with kats about shutdown of nsBaseWidget, seems odd that widget is being deleted
* Going through RefreshDriver implementation

mstange
* Talos profiling

sotaro
* Investigated for Camera preview clip problem. ImageLayer uses MaskLayer to clip. But HWC does not support it. Got review+ and checked-in. From this bug, it becomes clear that Loop client can not use HWC because it clips local camera video to round shape.
* Updated gralloc usage for WebRTC local camera preview. Got review+.

Jeff:
* D3D11 Angle bug - not wide spread, have a machine that reproduces locally
* not using keyed mutex fixes the problem, but we'll see where we go with this

________________


