Bas:
* single texture, once per content side

Jeff:
* keyed mutex
* region allocations

BenWa:
* Still working out layer tree invalidation fixes
* Wrote a test + patch for an assertion failure (we tried to draw a culled intermediate surface)
* Working b2g image for dogfooding. Done migrating
* Rebase (and improved) profiler feature test

Nical
* new try push with a bunch of experiments for the tiled dt on b2g
* on the linux side, something must have regressed performance by quite a bit lately because even release builds take twice longer to pass reftests (without going above the 120min limit)

mstange (won't make it to the office in time):
* reviews
* talos profiling
* widget-less plugins on Mac have landed (bug 1092630)

kats (won't make the daily, plumbing woes):
* continued working on event regions enabling. mostly sorted out now, but still waiting on review for bug 1098654.
* moving on to event rerouting for b2g root process while waiting on reviews
* reviewed some stuff by dvander for APZ on other platforms

botond:
* bug 1076241 (non-transient async transform)
* continued investigating test failure, had discussion with :kats and :tn about a new approach that would fix it
* addressing review comments for bug 1073081 (warnings as errors on b2g)
* reviewed some of kats' patches for fixing event-regions test failures
* looked at how to get 'mach ide eclipse' to work on b2g

mchang
* bug 1101974 - Updated patches based on reviews
* Talked with :bent about PBackground shutdown
* Implementing refresh driver

sotaro
* Created a patch to reduce gl()->fEGLImageTargetTexture2D()  on gonk TiledLayer. The patch seems to work on flame. But genlock failure happened on hamachi.
* Worked removing dormant state from MediaDecoder. Got review+ and checked-in, but it was backed out because of test failure. Need to address it.

________________


