https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=900033 - Galaxy Tab 3 issue, somebody needs to do it in Toronto, AsyncCompositionManager.  Botond and BenWa will figure out who gets to it first.
________________


BenWa
* Fullscreen bug, baby steps
* Meeting to discuss future performance devtool

botond
* keyboard disappearing bug
* will continue composition bounds

kats:
* bug 957790 bounced, relanded with a test fix
* landed patch for bug 952170 to fix UpdateTapState crash
* started working on bug 951113, seems like the displayport isn't getting updated at the right time. needs more investigation
* roc SSH'd in and poked around in my parked debugger for bug 950301 and asked me to rebuild with additional logging, so i just did that. going to upload log to the bug and hope he can figure out what's going on
* did an interview, another one today

Chris:
* APZC, have a patch, testing against other platforms 950993

sotaro
* Continue to woking for Bug 946720. Almost all problem was fixed. But still one problem is remaining. Investigating about it.

Nical
* Bug 957560: I have a potential fix for the intermittent reftest
* Bug 952507: submitted two patches for review, works on linux+OMTC, doesn't seem to work on windows + D3D11 though, I am about to investigate why.
* Bug 952404: Looking into an alternative solution: whether we can make sure textures are fully destroyed before the PLayerTransaction protocol

Sotaro:
* new textures on Gonk, investigating remaining problems

bjacob:
* canvas mark 950113 regression, an actual issue everywhere, but only slow enough on 10.6

Jeff:
* chatting with Colabora
* * GDI, tied to the imagelib/Moz2D issues

________________


