BenWa:
* Have a fix for the fullscreen layer. Handles overflow: hidden, fullscreen and doesn't clobber the scroll offset!
* Interview



botond
- keyboard hiding bug (bug 959198)
   - found main problem (keyboad app was special and did not have APZ enabled), but there is a remaining problem



gw280:
- Bug 921670 now has an experimental fix.
- Some background: since landing the cairo fonthost, fonts on android haven't been perfect. This is because Gecko now does font selection and discovery rather than Skia, and we wrap an SkTypeface around a cairo_font_face_t. The problem arises when we use skia-npapi on Android, because it expects the factories in SkFontHost to create SkTypeface objects from filenames/patterns/family etc. To get this to work, we have a separate fonthost compiled in for Android only that supplies these factories independently of the cairo fonthost, which was been the "SkFontHost_linux" implementation for a while. Unfortunately, font fallbacks aren't implemented well in this, and after fiddling with it for days I was unable to get it to work. We also can't use the SkFontHost_android that's currently in upstream Skia because it crashes on pre-ICS versions of Android. Thus the (really horrible and last resort) fix that I've had to put in place (again) is to forward port the older Skia Android FontHost from a couple of years ago to current Skia.
- In the past this is what we've done but this hasn't been my preferred go-to option for a while because upstream has been significantly refactoring the font code and with each Skia update, it's going to require a fair bit of work just to keep this old fonthost alive, which is why I originally chose to use the SkFontHost_linux implementation, which is maintained upstream.
- Long term, I have no idea what the correct solution is, but this temporary hack of re-importing the old FontHost should serve to keep people happy for the time being.



kats:
* some progress on layer/displayport margins, continue on that today



chris:
* apzc bugs landed
* security bug on android (960146)
* more apzc bugs, start with the one where the scroll bar doesn't respond during the first few seconds



sotaro:
* gonk video playback flickering
* fte had a rendering problem, nrc's change causes a regression



Bas:
* new api for writing to data source surfaces
* SVG degeneracies with jkew
* gfx drawable with direct draw (for imagelib, to avoid thebes surface)



Nicolas:
* in Lyon



Jeff:
* mentoring intern
* GDI benchmarking - only useful when DDBs (basic compositor)
* ... but the text needs GDI (unless we do Skia or DirectWrite?)



bjacob:
* Helping BenWa land will-change, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=940842




________________


