Nical:
* Submitted a patch for bug 959615 (PTexture crasher
* Landed a patch to fix reftest failures with new d3d textures (Bug 957560)
* Getting component alpha to work with the new content client



BenWa:
* Code reviews for profiler. Viktor did a lot of polish this week!
* Tentative patch for bug 900033. Well watch the crash volume changed
* Fixes to the fullscreen patch
* Helped bjacob with the will-change patch. Looking close to landing pref'ed off.
* http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-style/2013Nov/0414.html




gw280:
* Continuing with debugging try failures on b2g-emulator with the skia update



botond
* another round of review for BenWa's fullscreen patch
* landed Gecko patch for keyboard hiding problem (bug 959198)
* debugging Android regression caused by bug 959847 patches (prerequisite for composition bounds patch)



kats:
* landed bug 941138 (cleanup)
* discussed next steps on bug 957668 (displayport stuff) with :tn. i have my parts done, need to get some help with the layout bits
* figured out what was happening in bug 947337 with vivien's log. i have patches on the bug that are untested as of yet
* looked into bug 961280 (metro regression from a change i made recently that broke scrolling with mouse wheel)



Bas:
* D3D9 OMTC - may not be able to get rid of the regressions without doing the extra work
* will do a profile, to see if we're missing something



Chris:
* settings scrolling b2g bug, not sure why nothing is happening, transform is set, but no visible effect



bjacob:
* will-change patch, addressing review comments



Sotaro:
* content client problem,  as what Nicolas suggested
* sync processes on B2G, IPC connection pipe reset causes error, so it's something we didn't expect.  Made it 1.4? bug



Jeff:
* Looked at removing ddb, looks fine on try, will go for landing today
* with Cairo on Win32, with an alpha surface, clearing is in the slow path



________________


