jnicol
* triage
* landed 1306371 - fix display port size at high zoom
* requested uplift to beta.
* although it makes 1308535 more common for me, that is much less bad than crashing just by zooming in



lee
* got Skia m55 building on try
* looking through all the resulting reftest failures and regressions



nical
* a series of patches that remove some hard-coded BackendType::CAIRO here and there
* a patch for a crash related to ipc things going away
* a patch to flush the d3d11 context when a frame is cancelled to avoid resource accumulation when the window is minimized.
* looked into the webreplay stuff a bit



gw280
* Seemed to have picked up a cough :'(
* After a lengthy investigation of ImageBridgeParent, I've closed the IBP singleton bug as resolved. It looks like the assertion happens to hit in between creation. I want to document this process better, though, so I will look into that.
* Reviews for webvr stuff
* Looking at a CanvasRenderingContext2D assertion faliure now.



jrmuizel
* client storage - the upload part works



mchang
* Finished up chrome investigation - http://www.masonchang.com/blog/2016/10/10/a-quick-overview-of-chromes-rendering-path




kats:
* fixed bug 1292034 to improve flywheel behaviour on Fennec
* filed and fixed bug 1308627 for pinch behaviour on Fennec
* fixed bug 1291381 to get touch tests enabled on windows
* put up patch for bug 1304689



edwin
* more mashing data together to get some clues on 1292311. i made charts. they were pretty. not overly useful in the end.



mstange
* discussed mask stuff with CJ
* discussed clientstorage with jeff
* discussed add-on SDK module loader performance issues (bug 1308332)
* did a bit of work on the new cleopatra
* reviews



________________


