Dan G:
* Bug 926589  -            [B2G][Contacts[Export] Black  screen appears when tapping the  previously imported contact from SIM  from a search result on the export  page.
* Continued investigation of this bug. Looks like the fullscreen black rendering in the contacts app coincides with a failure in glTexSubImage2D when attempting to read back the front buffer to update just part of it. My guess is that the texture isn't valid but our logic thinks it should be, so is calling TexSubImage2D instead of TexImage2D.
* Question: Is there an easy way to get messages into logcat on b2g?!
* Yes, printf_stderr , behaves like fprintf(stderr, ...) except on android/b2g it goes into logcat.

nical:
* working on bug 926585 (koi+)
* just reproduced the bug on hamachi
* out of pmem problem
* wiki stuff on the topic of "MozSurface"

BenWa:
* Got a prototype of style/reflow causes in profiles. Already managed to diagnose bug 930587. Would like to similarly inbed display list + layer tree dumps
* Worked on flatflish homescreen performance during the work week. There's several bugs getting into the way (layerization, style flushes, over invalidation).

bjacob:
* Wrote Surfaces document: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Platform/GFX/Surfaces
* Looked into another ISurfaceAllocator / SurfaceFactory_Gralloc crash: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=933336
* Went back to Android surface renewal: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=925608

James:
* recording for Moz2D, figuring out how to integrate Skia picture recording, want to replace Skia draw target
* cache fixes are in now

Bas:
* Moz2D from central sync (two way sync for the most part) - DrawTargetCairo matches
* some of the includes are different in Skia (Moz2D & central), Quartz needs sync (Jeff)
* distance along the curve

Botond:
* black iframe content, needed to flash everything (-f), the problem is now fixed
* hit testing patch, close to landing, will test on Metro
* chasing dynamic toolbar issues

Kats:
* 902505 - continuing on it

Cwiiis:
* tile coherency
* 927349 - Delay effective start of CSS animations and transitions till after the rendering of their first frame

Sotaro:
* pmem fallback is now uplifted to 1.2 - make sure flash -f
* screenshot going all black bug, system app bug
* camera failure - general failure causes it all - have to check why it happens

George:
* Leo bug, API trace - have the device in Toronto now

Jeff:
* Australis performance bug, doesn't block on it anymore

________________


