Dan:
* black flicker.  TexSubImage invalid operation.
* sRGB patches landed.
* Android graphics buffer for 4.3, now with fences.

Matt:
* working on Azure conversion bugs.  Most of them are one platform only, WinXP, sub-AA.

Nick:
* ThebesLayerBuffer - trying to get new textures for content.  Take the Thebes paths out of LB, but the layer manager OGL, bug then some performance tasks, long chain of blocking.  We're renaming it to RotatedContentBuffer.cpp.  This is the deforestation, good idea, not in the dependency chain, but good.  Hunting down some awkward bugs in different places.
* Mostly OMTC on Windows (mainly layout).  Green try on Windows now.
* Could use help on 930575 - Graphic defect occurs when scrolling in FTU/Settings.
* This only shows up when patches are applied from 907463 - Deal properly with IPDL abnormal shutdowns and fix some other OMTC d3d11 reftest bugs.
* Will ask Nicolas if he can help - yes he will

Nicolas:
* took a while to unbrick the phone as David S. was not in the office
* Fennec Flash video upside down bug, passed the bug to Snorp
* Fennec H264 regression on HTC One, but not reproducible on other devices - 
* 926558 WebRTC crash on B2G, may be fixed by nrc's patch above
* 907795 - another shmem bug
* Select/Deselect All buttons - should be fixed, but it's the special flash, will wait for that image

Sotaro:
* Hamachi partner build should go to the Taipei office next week
* media framework, video playback, h.264 doesn't anymore, hw decoder buffer starvation  - moving to single buffering on the compositor side, it seems to be better
* there are some Roc's 1.1 patches that never made it to 1.2, uplifting

Jeff:
* new/old computer that reproduces that melting screen, not booting yet
* inflection points code
* sampling restricted drawables - other browsers do source clipping when not tiled.  when tiled, no source clipping (D2D 1.1 supports sub image, but not source clipping tiled image)
* WebGL test failure trying to do Moz2D Quartz 

Bas:
* point at path given length, on Moz2D now, after Matt does CG, will do central
* deal with the inflections, may still have some degeneracies, SSE2 code as well
* pretty close to the actual value

BenWa:
* Reviewed patch from intel for power profiling and made changes to addon
* Reviewed 935092 - Make last-seen peudo stack available, 907196 - Split CreateCMSOutputProfile profile loading into GetCMSOutputProfileData
* Landed small printf fix 935476 - OGL printf on startup
* Reconfigured OSX/B2G env on new laptop

bjacob:
* Wrote 3 patches improving gallery preview framerate (by fixing WebGL usage):
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=934790 avoids too frequent texture uploads
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=934813 avoids too frequent buffer uploads, reduces number of buffers from 2 to 1
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=932919 avoids branching in fragment shader
* Found conformance bug in WebGL.texImage2D, wrote patch, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=935303
* Continued study of how surface renewal works https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=925608
* Have a patch to GLContextEGL, but it's not enough. ProvideEGLSurface is also returning the preexisting surface.

Kats:
* composition bounds patch, ready for testing and almost for review
* Metro bugs
* will need cleanup in FrameMetrics.h and APZC code, will do as a background task

Botond:
* have a model of what's going on with the coordinate systems
* will figure out how to best explain it to others
* some test failures for oop work - can't build David's code on Windows
* dynamic toolbar

Chris:
* tile coherency, first will convert to typed units, too complex otherwise

________________


