BenWa:
* Created a vagrant VM for hamachi. Fresh b2g clobber in 20 mins!
* Fixed player2d build on mac (now building with c++11)
* Landed a patch to get draw recording working on b2g
* Landed some changes to improve player2d
* Created moz2d-record.sh for moz2d recording on b2g. pull request pending



gw280:
* Started refactoring our use of GLContext/GrContext/GrGLInterface when using SkiaGL so that we can properly support having a single GLContext for content and another for canvas
* Basic idea is to have a GLContextManager which Skia uses to tie the lifetime of the GrContext/GrGLInterface objects to a single instance of a GLContext. The GLContextManager is then refcounted to ensure the lifetime of the various objects is maintained properly.
* I think it should work?
* Simultaneously going through Vlad's patch to enable SkiaGL content on Windows and this is a direct consequence of cleaning up some of the hacks that he put in place to get it "working"



Jeff:
* melted screen bug (StretchRect is broken with some drivers)
* do we have a communication channel with Intel where they can tell us bugs they fixed
* worried about un-blocklisting old stuff - back it out of beta, let it run for another cycle



Sotaro:
* media bugs; more mp3 regressions showing up, trying to reproduce



Bas:
* compute length
* player2d



Nicolas:
* talking with Nick on the single buffered content conversion
* looking at some IPDL issues
* hamachi without wifi



James:
* fixing Flash bugs, doesn't work at all on KitKat
* new textures and pre-KitKat bug picked up from Nicolas



bjacob:
* surface renewal on Android



Kats:
* patches that work for 902055 bug
* looking at profiling panning on metro, looking for jank causes



Botond:
* dynamic toolbar debugging (Matt helping)
* now building 



Cwiiis:
* I'm close to finishing with the tile coherency/units conversion stuff, hopefully. It's looking good in testing so far





________________


Weekly - 2013/11/05
Elastic layer extending (Cwiiis)


The bug that started it all: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=911882
Why isn't what we have right now not working properly?
  What about the display port solution?
  We're still rendering incrementally, a few pixels rows/columns at a time.
  If we have a knowledge of what the layer "boundaries" would be, we could rendering it all the way out.

Other browsers have static layer decisions, so they're faster than we are.  WE change our mind, where the others don't, and we prerender much less aggresively.
Is tiling and display port going to fix this? They won't solve where we flip between layered and not.
Being explicit, animate CSS property...
You would always draw the whole tile.
Currently, we only render to the tile boundary if we're in the region, thought it that we should always render the whole tile.
Retaining content
Lifitng opaque layers
Keep rasterizations when layers go inactive




First composite after idle can take 40ms - https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=930926#c11 (BenWa)


Will check if it actually takes 35ms to wake up, and why it is that long.
We should find out if Android has the same problem.
Optimizing touch latency - is this a known problem?
Is switching between HWC and GPU beneficial? When we switch every couple of frames, may not be getting a benefit.
Dan was suggesting that the HW was well suited switching.
The difference in Android is that normally GPU and HWC are splitting the rendering, so they're both used at the same time.  In B2G, we do HWC, fallback to GPU.  Android is going to consume more power, most of the time because of this.
In Android, the layers are fairly static, the surface is composited with SurfaceFlinger, so it's used almost always.  In B2G, the dynamic layer decisions mean that we flip between them. For Android, content rendering is GPU.
We should find out how long before GPU goes to sleep.






________________


