BenWa:
* Intel power measurement patch landed!
* Reduced testcase for 918671. Ruled out azure regression.
* Wrote a patch to add layers.dump bug 936511
* Made it easier to build moz2d standalone

Cwiiis:
* patch to fix the progressive update tiling matrix. Kats is reviewing. The numbers look correctly. It's regressing performance and trying to find out why

botond:
* After debugging with tn the problem with toolbar. Was a one line fix

Bas:
* Fixed teh compute length path
* Looked into remaining bug on central with matt
* Refactored moz2d test to make it easier to add drawtarget tests
* Create a path test into a different test class to make it easier to write. Wrote more tests
* reviews

gw280:
* Looking into bug where text in flash plugin doesn't render properly on samsung device and it renders garbage instead.

snorp:
* Figured out why flash doesn't work on kitkat. Flash is going to finally be dead

jrmuizel:
* Landed the quartz standalone.
* Reviewed bas' compute length path
* Looked at BenWa' bug

sotoro:
* Laptop was broken, asking IT to salvage important file
* Looking into how to regenerate IPC fencing crash
* Looking into kitkat.
* Milan ask: What android version we should base next b2g version

kats:
* working on finding cause of jank/repainting on about:start in metro. looks like stuff is getting invalidated while panning around and it doesn't make sense. mattwoodrow pointed me to some things but i need to do more debugging
* planned a meeting for today to discuss input event handling in APZ, sorting out an API between metro and APZ
* landed couple of small patches - bug 936027, bug 927027

Nical:
* Working on Bug 893301 (new textures ContentClient/Host) with nrc
* reviewed nrc's patches
* working on fixing reftests
* I think I found the problem, trying a solution

bjacob:
* more work on android surfaces, wrote patches, ran into roadblock: our approach of managing the EGL surface from java code can't work as the gecko GL context holds on to it. Switching to java only providing a function to create a surface, and having gecko code use it to manage its own surface.

________________


