BenWa:
* Worked on bug 918671. It's a cairo bug and in the processing of finding out what in fill is wrong
* Reviewed bug 935092 for hang detector
* script to do a quick (75s) turnaround on B2G
* lockscreen bug profile (async animations regressed?)

Nical:
* reviews & patch for new textures content client/host (Bug 933301)
* reviews for WebGL worker stuff (bug 709490)
* just started looking at bug 926424 (memory leak with a mixture of canvas and websocket)

Bas:
* path computation, looking at tests, maybe some fuzzing necessary

Chris
* tile coherency, coordinate spaces interactions

Kats:
* reviewed bjacob's patches
* tested my patch for threading/locking in APZC and put that up for review (bug 937130)
* got a patch for rendertrace logging in APZC to tune displayport heuristics (bug 927954)
* metro bug triage

Botond:
* concurrency issue in APZC
* crash in gesture detection
* investigating a couple of remaining dynamic toolbar bugs

Sotaro:
* black rectangle drawing regression range
* it is not actually fixed on master, it just looked like it was

bjacob:
* removing gfxinfo thread on android
* surface renewal and related patches

George:
* prototyping multiple draw targets from SkiaGL - need to get plumbing through
* (jeff g., vlad know about this)

________________


Weekly - 2013/11/12
What can we farm out? (Milan)
Some of the Moz2D work, more mechanical things.
Linux - OMTC OGL.  We need the acceptance criteria and the right contractor.
Linux - GTK port?  RedHat :)  The biggest problem is plug-ins.
Bug triage, STR, regression windows.
Automated testing coverage on B2G.  If we can find the experts.  For example, WebGL.




Blocklisting or relaxing.  When in the cycle, what rules when relaxing.  WebGL first, before layers. (JMuizelaar)
When relaxing blacklisting, should we relax WebGL first? This is in the context of release, not nightly. The context usage numbers are low (6%), the chances of them hitting the problems are low.  What we're mostly interested in is crashes.  The number of beta users and release users that are doing WebGL (when talking about number of hours in WebGL), the numbers could be similar/same.
Not sure if there is a lot of value, but having them train after each other.  Full train, we keep relaxing things in turn.


WebCL (JGilbert)
In ES3+, adding compute shaders (the world wants these more than WebCL).  We should do compute shaders before WebCL.




________________


