BenWa:
* Found the cairo bug. Patch green on try + moz2d (gtest) unitest. Already fixed in upstream cairo. Waiting on inbound
* Looked into keyboard animation. Animation isn't making it to the compositor. animation-log doesn't output anything either.

Kats:
* spent some time reviewing Chris' patch for adding typed units to a bunch of code
* worked on a series of patches for bug 937688 and bug 937843 to unblock bug 934420 which is a metro blocker

Botond:
* landed APZC concurrency patch, crash in gesture event listener, layout code bug
* continuing the investigation of the dynamic toolbar remaining bugs

Bas:
* compute length work, patches passing try, D2D will come later (unblocks SVG)
* Player2D feature request?

George:
* streaming buffers and SkiaGL, for the multiplexing work

Sotaro:
* HWC on 4.3 JB, enabled on Nexus 4/7, and the video is not correct - fence is not right

Jeff:
* helped BenWa with cairo bugs
* Azure regression in Australis (D2D clipping changes)
* with bjacob on concurrency
* regions performance regression

bjacob:
* New patches for https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=937204
* If r+'d, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=925608 ready to land today
* did security review for shader editor https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=937204
* worked on using UNIFIED_SOURCES in canvas and gfx dirs e.https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=935702https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=935702g. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=935702

Chris:
* tiling coherency, another patch being reviewed
* async zooming for fixed position content
* some documentation on doing animation for games

Dan:
* At :bjacob's suggestion, I reinstated patch from bug 918062.
* Unfortunately we don't get gralloc failures now so the image dump doesn't happen. Not a big deal, -but-
* Decided to finish off porting of :vlad's layerscope to new layers.
* rediscovering the joy of M4 and bending moz.build to my will

Nick:
* content host, textures, try runs greenish, but blocked by a lot of things, sorting them out one by one

Matt:
* Azure regressions, why TART regressed on the UX branch

Jeff G.
* trying to finish up things on Linux, before switching back to Windows
* triaging bugs to categories, boring, but good in the long run
* helping Karl with LInux WebGL performance - put together a pixmap back-end for shared surfaces
* tackle some ANGLE bugs

Peter:
* META bug 935345 for the homescreen performance of Nexus4 with 1G CPU
* Study CSS style resolved

Nical:
* Looked at the canvas+socket memory leak (bug 926424)
* could not reproduce on Linux and Windows 7 (nightly + stable)
* maybe canvas texture cache ?
* Resurecting D3D11 new Textures
* looking at the security bug with libjpeg

________________


