BenWa:
* Reviewed patch for 940488
* Phone screened candidate
* Landed unified source for cairo, harfbuzz
* Discussed settings app changes with mchang
* Fixed layer mask patch
* Continuing work on CSS active layers

Nical:
* making D3D11/10/9 use alpha textures for YCbCr planes (bug 940959)
* talked with bjacob about MozSurface, updated the wiki page

bjacob:
* Andorid nightly issue with EGL surface renewal
* probably because the failure of the creation is now a more critical failure
* MozSurface with Nicolas, presented to the Pacific

Bas:
* bluring, performance tests, small blur radius, 60+x faster, large radius, 10x faster
* rounded corner case is challenging, because of AA

Jeff:
* IE clipping behaviour with D2D (decent region simplification)

Peter:
* wrong visible region of color layer with youtube fullscreen mode 929432
* breakdown homescreen performance on HD device
* https://etherpad.mozilla.org/hdperf
* prerender for home screen

Morris
* When Helix device sleep after 5 mins, lockscreen won't show after 2-5 seconds when screen turning on.
* Modified some address comment for Off-main-thread Canvas

Jerry:
* prerender for homescreen
* overflowRect.Inflate(nsPresContext::CSSPixelsToAppUnits(32));
* http://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/source/layout/base/nsDisplayList.cpp#552

Dan:
* layer scope ported to new layers, working on OS X and now B2G.  results are on gfx-daily.  will try to land

Matt:
* AMD text bug, get performance on the fix, so that it stays landed - blurs are hurting

Nick:
* Windows OMTC, after lock screen, waiting for review
* compositor parent issue
* nasty windows bug - sometimes when a page loads, it freezes, move the mouse to update the screen, in 25 now

JeffG:
* ANGLE bug, most recent update, haven't figured out what the issue was
* GLX pixmaps to get decent WebGL performance on Linux even without OMTC

Chris:
* tiling coherency, almost all green (one test takes longer because it was never working properly before)
* verifying everything, will fix the test by changing it

kats:
* investigated a bit on bug 936500 (turned out to be layout) but i was investigating on b2g where it turns out the bug doesn't actually reproduce :(
* reviewed randall's big patch, dealing with various needinfos/reviews and things i need to respond to before i go on PTO

Botond:
* root scroll id removal patch landed
* cleaning up the dynamic toolbar, will do some cleanup afterwards
* APZC composition issue, blocked on layout

Vlad:
* browsermark with a bad result - it tests performance of linear array of gradients - we think this is a bad benchmark - we need suggestions on what they should be testing
* skewing our score in Tom's Hardware
* will try Matt's patch
* this is bug 940811

________________


Weekly - 2013/11/19
Nicolas' issue with YCbCr and D3D9 and alpha or not.
Want to always use alpha everywhere or luminance everywhere, just like WebGL does.


Follow up on farming out: linux path to skia, b2g, android to skia.  As a first step.
Communicate.


MozSurfaces unification.  A number of people to be involved: Nicolas, BJacob, Dan, Jeff G., Sotaro.  But, Nicolas has deprecated textures and OMTC Windows that are taking his time, and we should not wait.
Nicolas doesn't need to code, but he would be involved in discussions and designs and reviews.  Split the work in small work items, and we need Nicolas to do this.  BJacob will make sure this happens, and he understands it, so that we have a good understanding.


MozSurface unification.  The other issue is the time zones.  We can coordinate the work, but how do we deal mechanically with the changes?  Graphics branch, people checking stuff in before going home, even if it doesn't build?  
Micro landings - do not want a branch, do not want it to land en-masse.  Small shifts until we get where we need to get to.


MozSurface unification.  What are the use cases, and how we use different pieces of the solution for different problems.  We need to collect the requirements - who is going to do this.
Passing stuff around.  Video issues.  Can we have a nice surface abstraction, with the producer, input/output, etc., through Moz2D.


Bad scrolling on Retina (HiDPI)
We've gotten worse.  Haven't profiled enough to know.
________________


