BenWa:
* Land patch to add DrawLines to compositor API
* Patch under review to add scrollgraph
* Responded to will-animate proposal, working on patch
* Review and fix up for APZC touch events
* Minor reviews for mchang to add will-animate in key places in b2g. Results are very positive.

DanG:
* Appear I landed LayerScope. At :bjacobs request, documentation is https://wiki.mozilla.org/Platform/GFX/LayerScope
* Cleaned up ETC1/ETC2 patches, rudimentary tests pass and asked :jgilbert for review and guidance
* Bug 945023: Move CreateTexture and CreateTextureForOffscreen out of GLContext
* Bug 921215: crash in MacIOSurface::GetWidth()
* Performed code review and suggest crash is caused by surface being nullptr
* Bug 879663: Investigated and no STR. Tried code review from crash reports. 
* Bug 942506: Remove ApplyFilterToBoundTexture from GLContext.
* Most of the callers were dead code, according to dxr.

snorp:
* Spent all day fighting the build system to update skia. Going back to writing a gyp generator.

nical:
* Done with the new texture. Try push has the same error as without my patches
* Need a few nits and fixed to be reviewed by nrc
* Landed some stuff for GLContext MakeCurrent - now if we delete an image to late it shouldn't crash
* Did some reviews.

botond:
* Landed fix for dynamic tool bar regression
* Fixed metro regression for disabling overflow. Need to write a fix to properly remove scroll bar which metro was using disable overflow
* Wrote a new patch to respect user scalable
* Reviewed BenWa' patch

gw280:
* Spent the last day debugging with layers code with the unified context. We're loosing the alpha channel.

bjacob:
* Started looking at nical's PTexture patches, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=897452 . So far, fixed build on Mac, investigated a Mac crasher, and looked into solving the dead-ipdl-actor problem in this case.
* Alllllllmost ready to land 18 GLContext cleanup patches (after many try runs) but LayerScope's landing changed the deal a little bit, we can't just remove ReadTextureImage anymore, instead move it out of GLContext separately in https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=945586

jrmuizel:
* Looked into region simplication
* Chated with telenor(sp?) on what they can work on. The're looking into downscaled image decoding. Looking at skia on b2g/everywhere.

kats:
* caught up on bugmail and email and such. a lot of reviews and answering questions and commenting on bugs
* getting back to metro APZC work but the build appears broken
* will also work a bit on bug 814435 (scrollbars for APZC) since andreas wanted it in 1.3

sotaro
* Investigated MediaManager bug. My patch was temporarily backed out because of it. And foud the bug in it. Checked-in the patch again.Then mp3 regression was fixed
* Investigating the fix of Power on mp4. Requesting koi+ flag.
* Starg coding release fence handling.Implementaion.

________________


