BenWa:
* Code reviews for hang monitor
* Landed ScrollGraph
* Working on APZC gesture detection events for b2g
* Chaning the CSS code for will-animate to reflect www-style discussion

kats:
* figured out my metro build issue yesterday (filed bug 945829)
* determined that both bug 940982 (metro issue) and bug 814435 (scrollbars) are dependent on bug 935219 (composition bounds are wrong) so i will work on that today

Cwiiis:
* Working on the white clipping APZC bug. That's fixed. We're capturing scroll events incorrectly.
* There's the browser element panning that was also getting loaded and confliting. Changing the initialization.
* Looking into similar bug. If you scroll lots of time fast. The screen will turn white. That's a dupe of another bug where the display port doesn't intersect with the viewport of the element a layer doesn't get created.

snorp:
* Made progress getting skia building with a generated moz.build file. It built on mac and android. Failed on linux with a problem I fixed. Windows fail re static variable
* Vlad is working on a parallel to run gyp on every build

sotaro:
* Worked on fence object handling to implement around HWC and texture host
* CoreAurora media stability test crash. Found problem with mutex handling. Asking CA for testing.

jrmuizel:
* Got region simplication working yesterday. Matt tried it but it doesn't fix our win8 issue.
* Need to look at the font container

botond:
* Looking into the remaining issue with BenWa.
* Reviewed patch by Cwiiis to align displayport
* Wrote a revised patch for double tap to zoom not being disabled when userscaled not being set
* Looked into dynamic toolbar regression.

Nical:
* Realized the new contentClient/Host do not use gralloc on B2G -> trouble!
* reviews
* trying to get new textures to work with the new ContentClient on windows
* Bumping my head around using DrawTarget efficiently with BufferTextureClient

bjacob:
* Landed 18 patches including GLContext cleanup and holding strong references to ISurfaceAllocator's (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=944703)
* PTexture. Understood the mechanism of the crashes we're getting on Mac: dead IPDL actors. Was writing patch for that anyways. Currently on tryserver.
* Worried about reference cycle as TextureParent has a strong ref to TextureHost and some TextureHosts have a strong ref to ISurfaceAllocator since yesterday landing of https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=944703 . We may need to either make TextureParent not strong-reference TextureHost, or apply to ImageBridge the same treatment as we did to ClientLayerManager in https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=933082 to split the ISurfaceAllocator from its inheritance tree.

sotaro
* Implementing Fence handling
* Investigated codeaurora's media stability testing crash. Created patch and asking retest
* Power up video patch is going to check-in

________________


Weekly - 2013/12/03
bjacob:
* We should turn layer scope in an about page similar to about:memory

BenWa:
* Discussed hydrid engine for rasterizing



________________


