BenWa:
* Interviewed candidate
* will-animate
* Looking into sync scrolling performance. Layers resizing

jrmuizel:
* Interview
* Landed a patch to fix region problem with system pixman
* Landed a patch to remove code to disable pango

kats:
* reviewed nick lebedev's patches for touch-action
* got pulled into an interview since gw280 was sick
* landed scrollbar patches (bug 814435)
* reviews; wrote a test for some of the gesture fixes that dale harvey is working on
* now working on bug 947337 (contacts app misbehaving with APZC)

nical:
* Got the d3d textures working. Now have memory corruptions with mask layers

sotaro:
* Implemented the fence object handling on gonk.
* Code around the IPC did not work.

botond:
* (on friday)
* Gaia APZC bugs with sms app. Couldn't see the problem the bottom of the sms. Have a work around in gaia for now, posted these.
* Looking into my patch for the compositing bound. Not working well for metro and fennec.

bjacob:
* Friday: looked at catching "oops not using gralloc anymore!" kind of regressions in modified reftests, but after conversation with BenWa, gave on that approach and instead we should have LayerManager::Dump comparisons
* Monday: interview, reviews; worked with gaia folks on gallery app, landed my webgl fixes in 1.3, and helped them use requestAnimationFrame --> very good fps now
* Landing PTexture, checking manually for regressions

Sotaro
* Implementing Fence handling.

________________


Weekly - 2013/12/10
Should we expose a dom api to expose the layer tree structure?
* New thing this week is we could have a ref, we could compare layer manager dump.
* BenWa: We should run the API/output with devtools

________________


