Nical:
* Tried to get mask layers to work with D3D11 almost there but DXGI hates me.
* lots and lots of reviews
* a patch to fix TextureHost locking with mask layers
* a patch rename GLContext::IsDestroyed -> !GLContext::IsValid()
* could we not use CRLF line endings in gfx (or at least stop mixing)?
* Don't ask --- we dont use CRLF endings in mozilla, anywhere. Otherwise it's a bug!
* Ok, i might write a fairly antisocial patch that will fix that
* today/tomorrow: wil focus on D3D9 stuff

Kats:
* Working on touch event problem. Hard to reproduce. Figured out why it happens but it didn't fully fix the problem. Still working on it.
* Got patches for 946408 but went back to working on touch events.
* dealt with a pull request for one of my fennec addons (needed some code changes)

bas:
* Caught up with review.
* Working on bug that might be fixed by patch I reviewed

benwa:
* Worked on improviing layerization of animated or transitions.
* Working on patch to build 

jrmuizel:
* Getting call profiling in API profiling so we can figure out why matt' patch slows down windows 8

sotaro:
* Implementing Fence handling on gonk JB. Fixed problems around IPC. Fence object is delived to content process.
* feedback to media bugs

botond:
* Reviewed patch for kats
* Working on composition bound. Addressed review comments. Looking into regression caused by metro and fennec. Found cause of metro regressions but not sure how to resolve them. For fennec regression have a potential fix that didn't fix the problem

bjacob:
* PTexture patches broken by new-textures-content-client, spent yesterday getting back to landable form (5 more patches) https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=897452

________________


