BenWa:
* debrief
* discussed internship projects
* patch to sub subpixelaa and component.
* Looked into client storage for tiles on mac

dan:
* Did some glcontext refactoring

kats:
* debrief
* continued working on bug 947337. got it to repro on a hamachi but was unable to repro it with my patch (while vivien still could). cleaning up the patch to get it landed anyway (bug 949132) because it is a net win and will remove one possible source of error
* dealing with bug 949310 (possible security regression from my scrollbars patch)

sotaro
* Continued implementing Fence handling on gonk JB. Basic implementation completed and enable Fence handling only for hw codec video playback. Confirmed video flicker problem is fixed. Still have someproblems, going to fix them.

bas:
* Looked into font problem that I discussed with jeff yesterday. Vanilla cairo does padding for windows cairo for black boxes.
* Couple of SVG path bugs after the moz2d migration. Priotizing that to avoid back out

jrmuizel:
* Tried to take half day off
* looked at subpixel stuff. Decided we can drop it for hidpi screen
* Looked into d2d clipping regression

Cwiiis:
* been off and was sick. Catching up on bugmail, up to date.
* looking into when you enable APZC and you end up with a blank area. One is a layout bug and another is an APZC that doesn't set the proper displayport that doesn't intersect with the visible region

snorp:
* Took over gw280 single gl context, need a bit more work. Should be in pretty good shape. 
* Fixed flash on android trunk.
* Need to figure out glsurface stream lifetime. When we destroy the context the compositor is still using the stream.
* Interview

nical:
* Did some review, landed some patches. Trying to add sysmem to new texture.

bjacob
* Finally landed PTexture (bounced, re-landed, stuck)
* Finishing GLContext cleanup; 4 patches by Dan landed yesterday

________________


