BenWa:
* Looked at the Camera app use of layers. It's a CSS issue.
* one more failure left with the general culling patch. This time it's an async scrolling test

Nical:
* Tried to land two patches which bounced, fixed them, waiting for a green try run
* more  DrawTargetTiled stuff, trying to clean it up but it'd be much easier to  clean up the entire client side tiling code and decide what  configurations we want to keep  (simple/Euro/SinglePaintBuffer/DrawTargetTiled/Capture).
* BadPixmap bug (tried something with no success)
* Helped gerard_majax (gaia) with some gralloc stuff
* Looking at the overlay image layer thingy (Bug 1002823) I was asked for feedbacks on the bug

kats:
* going the pointercancel patches done and landed, bug 1036985. Merged them over to the metro branch too
* fixed bug 1043719 but that bounced because of some uninitialized variables. filed bug 1048888 with patch to fix that too
* landed bug 1047403 to refactor some stringstream printing code
* provided some feedback on kip's APZ smooth scroll patches, bug 1022825
* continued fennec-apz work
* will look at bug 1042959 today as well

botond:
* bug 1047058 (homescreen layers being retained)
* investigated more, tried removing will-change (didn't help)
* did Gaia regression window, was regressed by rocketbar changes
* was fixed in Gaia in parallel
* bug 1040087 (overscroll flicker during scrollgrab)
* investigated some more
* gave feedback on issue involving :active states
* some reviews

Bas:
* Capture drawtarget
* padding work with mattwoodrow

sotaro
* on a  vacation
* Try to catch up bug mails

jrmuizel:
* Got an accessibility filter prototype working. Need to decide whether to put this in the generic compositor code or just leave it in the opengl code. Also need to decide where to hang the temporary buffer
* Looked at bad style/css performance issue with BenWa

________________


