kats:
* landed bug 1052063 so the APZC code can deal with multiple layers having the same metrics
* landed bug 1049887 to fix an issue where the scissor rect was not properly restored on fennec
* discussed off-main-thread input with mason
* some discussion about bug 1055548 and how to deal with long-press events in fennec
* working on bug 1055760 to allow multiple FrameMetrics and APZC instances per layer. pretty tricky

botond:
  - bug 1055361 (disable overscrolling during panning)
         - wrote and landed patch
         - overscrolling tests also had to be removed as they all tested overscrolling during panning
            - as a follow-up, will write tests specific to overscrolling during a fling
  - finished reviewing Kats' patches for bug 1052063 (multiple layers per APZC)
  - bug 923512 (strongly typed coordinate systems)
         - rebased, landed
  - bug 1039992 (overscroll handoff chain lifetimes)
         - landed
         - rebased test patch on top of Kats' bug 1052063 work
         - wrote two more tests
  - bug 1042974 (scrollgrab elements cannot be flung)
         - rebased patch on top of bug 1039992 and tested



BenWa:
* Discusses testing briefly with mchang
* Wrote a patch to expose layering decisions. Otherwise debugging layers tree was either trial and error or long gdb sessions. bug 1055821
* Wrote a path to create an image layer if the image layer covers all the previous display items. Useful but not sufficient for the homescreen background.

sotaro
* Investigating "HERE Maps” oom
* Even when SkiaGL's texture cache is small(2MB), actual kgsl-memory texture buffer size could become more than 70MB.
* On b2g v1.4, SkiaGL is not used on HERE Maps. When SkiaGL is enabled on b2g-v1.4, OOM crash happens even on v1.4.

mchang:
* Discuss testing with BenWa and set up meeting with James Lal's new team
* Discuss with kats how we can fix issues if APZ gets touch events prior to gecko. Seems like a very long path to really fixing. Trying to understand touch event path.
* Touch interpolation investigation so that we don't slow down on flings

Milan:
* add the contrast adjustment to the layers effects for accessibility (1016539, 1055661)

Jeff G:
* single mochi test conformance test, down to the last crash
* hack to get better ANGLE WebGL throughput (bacon is the real solution)
* context creation fallback, but the ANGLE patch may have been messed up, so will need another try run

Walter:
* fuzz bugs
* ANGLE bug, working around it
* more recent ANGLE update - doesn't build, and Skia update may be clashing with this

Jerry:
* vsync work ready for reviewing
* aiming to push to try to see where we are

Dan:
* WebGL2
* ANGLE DX11 context issue - AA related
* WebGL performance conversations

________________


