kats:
* landed bug 1056159 to do some refactoring in APZCTreeManager while looking at how to support multiple FrameMetrics per layer
* landed bug 1055932 to disable creating the APZCTreeManager on platforms where APZ is disabled
* landed bug 1056155 with a followup from the previous work to move stuff from ContainerLayer to Layer
* reviewed a bunch of botond's patches
* put up a patch to fix some test warnings, bug 1056829
* discussed the multi-FrameMetrics thing with roc and mattwoodrow. I'll try some helper classes to abstract away the complexity and see if that helps
* overscroll alternatives meeting

botond:
  - bug 1039992 (overscroll handoff chain lifetimes)
         - addressed review comments for tests, landed
  - bug 1042974 (scrollgrab elements cannot be flung)
         - wrote tests, posted fix + tests for review
         - addressed review comments, landed
  - bug 1052121 (stuck in overscroll issue)
         - no longer occurs now that we don't have overscroll during panning
  - meeting about alternatives for overscroll during panning
  - bug 1025436 (overscrolling tests)
         - wrote test for flinging into overscroll
         - found and fixed an issue in the code along the way
  - had another look at bug 1027633, an overscroll bug that was fixed in Gaia
         - bug no longer repros with Gaia fix unapplied; suspect dupe of bug 1035598 (overscroll transform has wrong origin)
  - filed some bugs
         - nsRefPtr<const T> (bug 1056356)
         - mentored bug about changing a recursion to an iteration in APZ code (bug 1056367)
         - avoiding UPZCT calls on paints with no layer attribute changes (bug 1056381)
         - adding assertions to APZTestData.h (bug 1056388)



BenWa:
* got r+ on image layer building improvement, frame layer builder logging
* Started working on various end-to-end b2g tests for overdraw. mchang pointed out we only run these on the emulator so we can't test HWC

mchang
* Jerry gave me the code in android where they do both touch interpolation and extrapolation. Building android to test and understand their code.
* Found Microsoft's touch smoothing algorithm. They use a weighted average to slightly favor the latest touch event versus smoothness. Will try on Firefox OS
* Deleted scrollgraph
* Postponed moving APZ off the main thread due to needing APZ in the parent process.

sotaro
* Investigate "HERE Maps” oom
* SkiaGL caused the problem. Disabling it fixed the problem. But roc's Bug 1022612 fix  the problem on master. It is not clear yet why it fixed the problem.
* Investigate "Fishtank” bug
* SkigaGL caused the problem. Disabling it fixed the problem. In this case, the above roc's fix does not fix the problem.
* non-tiled thebes layer broken on Madai
* Revent Fence::merge() removal caused it. It does not happen on flame.
* I am going to backout the Fence::merge() removal.
* Worked for some media bugs.

________________


