kats:
* landed bug 1056829 (silence gtest warning)
* put some patches for feedback on 1055760 - has my proposed approach to contain the multi-framemetrics complexity
* some discussion about how much obsolete code we can rip out (bug 1056155). we should be able to kill of nsIContentViewManager and nsIContentView which will simplify a lot of things.



botond:
  - bug 1046993 (floating-point coordinates in Axis)
         - wrote patch (yesterday, forgot to mention), landed
  - bug 1056617 (crash regression from bug 1039992)
         - exposed issue in APZ handling of OS X pan gestures
         - wrote patch to restore pre-{bug 1039992} (non-crashy) behaviour
         - filed follow-up for proper fix
  - bug 1049109 (warning about scroll handoff across layer tree boundary)
         - wrote and landed fixed but was backed out for gtest failures
  - reviewed some patches for Kats
  - bug 1052424 (iframe with css transform)
         - diagnosed problem, discussed with Timothy, began thinking about approach to solve
         - will need to tweak our coordinate system model a bit



mchang:
* Found Google Android's touch interpolation algorithm. Performs a combination of extrapolation and interpolation which results in theoretically perfect frame uniformity. Current implementation makes it feel faster / more responsive, but still janky. Investigating. bug 970751



sotaro
* Investigate Fishietank performance problem
* memcpy caused performance problem. CanvasImageCache did not work at all
* CanvasImageCache size is 10M on b2g. It causes cache thrashing. 20M cache size fixed the problem.
* Checked-in Fence::merge() removal backout.
* ion map failure was reported again since it's fix
* it seems to be caused by another cause. codeaurora is doing re-testing with additional logs.
* worked for a media bug.



BenWa:
* Got the backend patch to measure overfill, HWC failures working. I don't think I can make it chrome only and use it in gaia. Waiting on feedback.
* Looking at test failure, will need to set up the emulator for one



________________


