Bas:
* OMTC bug - part of the UI sticks on the screen (1040187)
* catching up with e-mails and reviews

BenWa:
* Landed structured FrameLayerBuilder logging. Right now shows layers decision but later will be extended for more.
* Reviews for the tiling and FM changes
* Reproducing the failure on the emulator. No solution yet

Nical:
* catched up with emails
* I am following khronos's arb-nextgen and gl_commons mailing lists (not sure I'll do that very actively but i'll keep at least a distant eye)
* went through the remaining OMTC window blockers to see what's fixed what's unassigned
* Bug 1043426 (OMTC blocker) which looked like might reopen hasn't showed up for a week so looks good, patch on bug 1054581 to make sure that if the issue happens again it'll show consistently on all platforms.
* Looked at some low-res tiling issue with Vivien: 
* https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/7742672/VID_20140825_121546.mp4
* We seem to have cases where we fail to bind a gralloc buffer to a texture but try to draw it anyway and draw the same random content instead (see the video above)
* filed bug 1058013 (not sure it's related)
* looking at the ~ISurfaceAllocator shutdown crash (Bug 1016538)
* Siggraph was awesome

kats:
* landed bug 912700 to audit all uses of FrameMetrics::mViewport, bug 1055605 to replace MOZ_ANDROID_OMTC with MOZ_WIDGET_ANDROID, bug 1057709 to remove some old telemetry histograms I added in fennec
* mentored bug 1030741 and bug 1038880 through to landing
* wrote a patch for bug 936690 to remove metro's dependency on nsIContentView so we can delete that code, and an NSPR patch for bug 1035925 so pointers get printed with the 0x prefix, and a mach patch in bug 1057387 to fix documentation for |mach run| and |mach debug|
* some investigation for bug 1021303, Gijs was reporting weird behavior with scrollLeftMax
* was watching the tree over the weekend, filed bug 1057812 with some investigation to fix a frequent Mnw bustage
* got feedback+ on bug 1055760 so moving ahead with the patch there, cleaning it up and implementing more.

botond:
  - bug 1049109 (warning about scroll handoff across layer tree boundary)
         - fixed failing gtests, relanded
  - meeting with UX about overscroll alternatives
  - prototyped an alternative overscroll effect (uniform stretch), posted in bug 1057578
  - APZ support for CSS transforms
         - more discussions with Kats and Timothy, have a plan for phase 1 (2D transform, scale same on both axes)
         - phase 2 (full 3D transforms) will involve broader changes
  - filed bug 1057528 (missing operators for strongly-typed coordinates)
         - posted patch
  - helped Mason debug an issue with printing coordinates, filed bug 1057642
         - fallout from strongly typed coordinates



mchang:
* Found a bug with botond due to strongly typed CoordType, we can no longer printf float values directly (bug 1057642). Needed since it broke the Frame Uniformity tool. (bug 1057645)
* Fixed touch interpolation implementation bug, works pretty well. Did some basic user testing, people seem to like it more. No noticeable of slowdown of flings which was the problem with previous implementations.

sotaro
* Created some logging patches for qcom's long running crahs bugs.
* qcom is doing tests by uisng patchs.
* Flashietank performance bug
* Created a patch and got review+. The patch is going to be checked-in soon, after m-i is re-opened
* video playback crash bug.
* It is a regression since JB. JB's stagefright implementation was changed.
* Crated a patch and got review+. It ls already checked in.

Jeff:
* back from PTO
* one OMTC bug, one a11y bug to look at first

________________


