Bas:
* tab closing visual issue (OMTC)

Jeff:
* OMTC related shadow problem on Windows

BenWa:
* Culling failure caused by malformed layer tree. Filed bug 1058173, continuing to investigate
* Caused by thebes layer being optimized to a color layer. Container layer inherits visible region from thebes and not the color layer

DanG:
* Suffering through flu and hacking up ETW profiler support for profiling on Windows.
* I noticed quite a hit to perf when using Cleopatra - I've attempted to disable as much of the Firefox internal stack sampling code and rely on Windows kernel instead.
* Crash course in building DLLs in Firefox thanks to grep -r.

Nical:
* Worked on the ISurfaceAllocator crash (Bug 1016538), finally found the issue, made a patch

mchang:
* Have another patch out for feedback for touch resampling (bug 970751).
* Had a gfx automation meeting with James Lal and BenWa

kats:
* landed bug 1057387 to fix mach run/debug documentation
* filed bug 1058048 for an operator*= in Matrix4x4
* lots of work on bug 1055760. have a pretty clean set of patches, works locally but some android reftests are failing. trying to investigate (i can repro locally but see no reason for the failure)
* some reviews and mentoring stuff
* discussion with botond about CSS transforms

botond:
  - landed bug 1057528 (missing operators for strongly-typed coordinates)
  - landed bug 1053975 (viewport size without meta-viewport tag doesn't take widget scale into account)
  - bug 1057578 (overscroll alternative: uniform stretch effect)
          - recorded and posted video of effect to make it easier for UX to evaluate it
  - bug 1057642 (printing strongly-typed coordinates)
          - took up work on dependent bug 965022 to -Werror on incorrect printf-like function usage
             - unbitrotted existing patch and continued work
             - have working patch for printf_stderr
             - AppendPrintf working except for OS X specific errors
             - nsPrintfCString still to be done
  - discussion with Kats about APZ support for CSS transforms
  - helping contributor with mentored bug 1056367 (turning recursion into iteration during fling handoff)



sotaro
* Fishietank performance fix is merged to m-c
* qcom long running test crash problem
* qcom provided the result log. But actual cause of the problem is not clear from the logs.
* Bug 1054929 - Black screen happens when writing in Canvas…
* It actually seems to be caused by network ipc fd handling problem.
* Spent long time to establish the STR to cause invalid fd close
* This bug's cause seems same to qcom's long running test crash bug.

________________


