BenWa:
* Reviews for kats
* looked at e10s layers crash with bjacob, issues comes before the display list is generated.
* Logging patch landed
* Landed culling patch with work around with container layer



Bas:
* OMTC is looking to be in a good state, one of the blacklisting bugs got closed today, the reporter believes he had a corrupted driver.
* On D2D 1.1, some bugs there, a little more than expected. Also working on doing a new build of the player as they'll be easier to fix there.



Nical:
* Karlt pointed out on the BadPixmap bug that the case of GLContext was a separate problem since the intermittent crash in ipc tests is happenning with basic layers. So filed a new bug for the GL Layers case, spent some time trying to reproduce with basic layers but no luck.
* Spent some time on the OMTC-Linux blocker (Reftest timeout), waiting for some try results



kats:
* addressed review comments on bug 1055760 and got it landed
* tried out roc's patches on bug 967844, fixed a bug in one of them. seems good otherwise
* started looking at bug 1058664 - clicks have wrong coordinates when zoomed in on overflow:hidden pages
* some bugmail seems to have disappeared yesterday evening, not sure if it's just me or other people too



botond:
  - reviewed rest of bug 1055760 patch series (multi-FrameMetrics)
  - bug 965022 (compiler errors about wrong printf usage)
          - fixed OS X build failures for nsPrintfCString patch
          - looked into mochitest failures for AppendPrintf patch
              - cause: difference in behaviour between PR_vsxprintf (used by AppendPrintf) and regular printf
              - attempted to fix, but attempt caused different Try failures; will investigate further
  - bug 1057642 (printing strongly-typed coordinates)
          - wrote patch to avoid printing coordinates individually
  - talked to mattwoodrow about pre- and post-scales
  - helping contributor some more with mentored bug 1056367 (turning recursion into iteration during fling handoff)



mchang:
* Going through multiple review cycles on touch resampling. bug 970751.



sotaro
* Invalid fd close problem.
* codeaurora is re-testing with fixes.
* HERE map crash bug
* Started to investigate why the app allocates more then 80MB kgsl memory.



Jeff:
* Skia bug on reftest failures, George to follow up with Skia team
* with Matt on clipping changes that caused reftest failures, some performance changes.  Unclear if it's worth doing something.

________________


