ashughes
* topcrash triage



jnicol
* found cause of 1288446 (powervr crash)
* skia upgrade removed call to glCheckFramebufferStatus after creating canvas. which should have no effect whatsoever, but on this driver causes a crash on the subsequent texture upload.



nical
* fixed and pushed my tiling patches
* proposed a patch to the mitigate part of the frefresh driver issue (increase timeout to 1sec and gfxCriticalNote)
* looking into an upliftable canvas-specific workaround for the refresh driver problem.
* the scary use after free canvas issues seem to gone (main blocker) \o/
* reviews (unusually high amounts of them!)



kats:
* investigated bug 1296887, closed out a bunch of bugs that are now fixed or WONTFIX



botond:
  - WebRender+APZ discussion
  - reviews: bug 1298908, bug 1299488
  - bug 1288686 (X11 macro sadness): addressed review comment, autolanded
  - working on the scroll-driven animations spec (https://birtles.github.io/scroll-animations/)
  - discussion about the future of the Fennec dynamic toolbar



edwin
* more 925645. i *think* i'm onto something, but have thought that before. one part optimism, four parts caution.
* while trying to reproduce that, stumbled upon a consistent repro for 1296996. ran mozregression and posted regression range on bug.



aosmond
* bug 1298652 - did not render large image on print preview path for Mac, looking into this (last time I used a Mac, it was the early 90s...)
* bug 1299353 - brief look, unable to reproduce on latest build, will figure out if fixed



mchang
* cleartype font issues
* texture sharing



lee
* reviews
* workaround for device reset/source surface issues with Skia
* investigated media test intermittent that had some Skia stuff in its stack trace 





BenWa:
* Mac crash symbols. Finished the script but symbols are not generated. Started debugging it and I've narrowed it down to a helper function in the python library



gw280
* fix landed for CompositorBridgeChild destructor cleanup
* still auditing CBC IPC method callsites for assert validity

________________


