jnicol
* pretty sure i've figured the powervr crash (1288446) out now. writing and testing patch



edwin: out today. accidentally filed pto last week on a public holiday so taking today in lieu, rather than faffing about with payroll.


nical:
* removed Matrix * vector operator
* refresh driver things
* matrix transposure brain gymnastics



kats:
* wrote and landed a fix for bug 1297419
* made some try builds to try and fix bug 1295019
* triaging bugs and investigating various touch-related issues that were filed



botond:
  - new contributors interested in mentored bug 1180799 (momentum scrolling after a two-fingered pan) and bug 1285940; provided initial guidance
  - scroll-driven animations
          - iterating on spec
          - iterating on prototype
          - iterating on design discussions
  - helping :rhunt deal with bug 1298954



lee
* hunting video intermittent



Ethan
* work on canvas perf

Jerry
* DrawQuad crash

Morris
* send out review for ANGLE update and Enable WebGL2 with ANGLE

Peter
* work on print preview problem with large image
* help jemalloc crash environment setup

Vincent
* debug jemalloc



sotaro
* TextureClients usage reduce in media framework
* Optimize video rendering on mac BasicCompositor



David:
* ImageBridge child to shutdown/restart



BenWa:
* PR merged for the crash symbols PR. Implemented support for the Yosemite's new update stream format. Re-ran the script. Need to upload the symbols. Will check-in my file for pre-processed symbols to make it faster for others to run this.
* Main PR merged for RR history, try it out if you're using RR.



mstange
* filed a perf bug reported in HN comments (bug 1300848) and profiled it
* filed a bug about slow restyling due to viewport resizing (bug 1300879), but it doesn't sound like it can be fixed
* addressed Matt's review comments in bug 1298218
* * ________________



