edwin (ro: london space meeting)
* bug 1246984 - blackberry keyboard scroll - somebody else actually landed some android scroll event changes, getting rid of a lot of the work needed. uploaded a patch to fix small weird scrolling behaviour issues.
* bug 1180561 - starting again on this after last approach failed.
* prodding at hit list a bit



nical:
* trying to get ImageHost to be smarter about binding/reusing TextureSources



jnicol (london meeting)
* landed 1247336
* reworking animated offset/margin layer budget
* confused as ever by 1247098.
* The displaylist has a Resolution item. the layer tree looks correct: it has a ContainerLayer with a scaling transform. but none of the frames in the frame tree seem to have a transform. i don't understand why not!!???
* (so the root composition bounds don't get transformed to the correct size making our displayport too small hence the bug)



kats:
* finished gfx-note'ing all open APZ bugs
* figured out intermittent test failure in bug 1246480 and put up a patch
* have patches for bug 1246290 but it seems like a large-ish amount of churn for a backup plan. will get it landed anyway
* did some reviews



lee
* revised shmem handle exhaustion patches based on feedback from billm, just pushed to inbound
* found cause of clang-plugin build failures when trying to use libstdc++ c++11 features to work around FreeBSD Skia build issues, required fixing build system for stdc++compat to work around circular dependencies (in consulation with nathan froyd and mike hommey)



mchang
* Looked at DirectWrite fonts, thx to jgilbert confirming what IE/Edge does.
* Grayscale AA on Windows 8, 10, subpixel color AA on Windows 7
* looked into security bug on OS X ASAN builds, still can't get ASAN builds to build
* updated skia reftest fuzzing lists for OS X

________________


