miko
* Fixed intermittent bug 1452800 with kats
* Investigated opacity flattening assertion, bug 1454105
* Investigated whatsapp web regression, bug 1454653



kvark
* Servo upstreaming GL discrimination: https://github.com/servo/servo/pull/20658
* WR debug assert with epoch mismatch: https://github.com/servo/webrender/pull/2671




nical
* tried to bake gradients using a repeated picture primritve but didn't manage to get something to show on screen (yet)
* reviving the code to decompose tiled images during frame building, without segments this time.



jrmuizel
* blob image invalidation on by default now



sotaro
* Fixed canvas flicker with WebRender
* Unified external image/pipeline handling to transaction.
* Found MotionMark score was very low when DirectCompositon was disabled with WebRender on Win10(P50).
* It might be caused by hitting memory bandwidth limit.
* WebRender renders whole window for each rendering and gpu cache might not be efficient enough.
* It seems to affect to it.
* checked the score with mozregression by disabling DirectCompositon with WebRender(Bug 1453991).
* the scores were a bit better, but basically always very bad than gecko's normal compositor.
* Implementing serializing ProgramBinary to disk
* Looked and commented to "WR: Unknown pipeline used for iframe IframeDisplayItem"(Bug 1454042) 



aosmond
* bug 1445479 (imgCacheValidator::RemoveProxy crash) -- finally passed review and landed, requesting beta uplift in a few days
* bug 1454824 (disable discarding frames for large animated images on beta) -- requested uplift of the pref change effectively disabling the feature to beta
* AWSY regressions -- backed out regressing bug since my attempt to fix failed
* further investigations have revealed we also keep holding onto the shared surface in the compositor process for longer than we should
* this is in additional to the content process bug I have already found / wrote a patch for
* still, these are existing bugs and should have made things bad already :)



kats:
* helped miko with bug 1452800
* wrote a patch to fix a deadlock (in contributor code i reviewed), bug 1453863
* fixed the WR scrollbar data-passing issues in bug 1454485, which unblocked the sampler thread landing, so landed that
* dealing with various incoming bugs



rhunt
* vsync investigations



