BenWa:
* scrollbar bug failure diagnostic
* Working on patch to avoid framebuffer switches and retain intermediate surface. Testcase goes from 40ms -> 23ms
* will-change

Bas:
* fill rect investigation
* don't want to support a d3d9 + texture sharing + 7 + 8; if d3d11 is disabled, we want to disable d3d9 as well (with omtc)

Nical:
* retracting my humble "I might have caused the brokenness by trying to recover from errors" from yesterday: we don't go through any of the D3D/D2D error code path, the APIs themselves don't return any error through HRESULT and the debug layer, with the exception of one warning where we pass an empty box in a D3D11 function that copies something, and which is specific to creating render targets, so it doesn't explain the missing text and the weird buffer rotation issue.

kats:
* working on hit-testing docs
* wrote an updated patch for bug 1078029 to deal with review comments; landed that bug
* reviewed bug 1092450 for disabling meta-viewport on desktop
* did some microbenchmarks for bug 1081300 to see if there's anything there worth fixing
* diagnosing another issue with click retargeting brought up in bug 1078029

mchang
* bug 1077651 and 1092245 - Measured layer and timer uniformity, see improvements in measured timer uniformity and layer position uniformity.
* Created 240 fps videos for both, will post today
* Talked with Gordon, about bug 1042017 - scroll friction, UX will probably approve

sotaro
* CairoImage's TextureClient recycling.Fixing Tryserver errors.
* Did HwComposer patch review. During the review, found a bug's root cause in hwcomposer hal and create a patch for it
* kgsl memory leak during codeaurora's test. Waiting a memory report from codeaurora. I suspect it is caused by canvas 2d usage in system app.

bjacob:
* with Jeff, see below

jrmuizel:
* Found out that one of the startup crashes that we're seeing was caused by the displaylink drivers. Haven't been able to reproduce the problem, we're going to try blacklisting based on this.
* bjacob and I tried to reproduce

________________


