kats:
* wrote a patch for bug 1093686 yesterday, spent the morning writing (and debugging) a test for it
* spent some time helping the loop folks figure out why i can't receive calls
* more work on design doc for hit-testing although didn't get very far
* looked into fling curving issues gordon was reporting, turned out to be incorrect pref setting on his part. he also pointed out some stuff about the velocity calculation that we may need to change

Nicolas:
* one lock for every texture removes the race condition, but the patch is not nice

Jerry:
* Bug 1092978 - Integrate refresh driver for silk
* Use an individual protocol or shared with PBackground protocol?
* Need to handle the throttle mechanism for refresh driver.
* Got a better result for requestAnimation case.

mchang:
* bug 552020 - Enable vsync notifications on OS X. Great results on OMTA and scrolling.

DanG:
* WebGL2 Demo. Still. :-)

jrmuizel:
* Tried to learn more about OMTC failures. Not much luck.
* Black screen - Benoit & I looked at the usage of dual AMD Intel and the it did not seem impacted by the release of 33 so I'm not in a rush to blacklist all instances of this situation
* Tried to reproduce/understand the DisplayLink failure 
* Investigate CompositorOGL state checking failures

David:
* scrolling APZ on Windows + E10S looks good, but the patch breaks B2G; probably a general bug lurking (non-container scrolling)

Jeff G.
* landed the mochitests that were disabled a while ago
* working on landing new reftests - different failures on XP and non-XP
* WebGL2 - frame buffer work, will take a look at some other entry points (read buffer, multi-sample, …)
* ANGLE B2G
* Google maps fix by Google - they may not bother because our release would show up shortly afterwards.  In discussion on this.

BenWa:
* Group opacity speedups
* Adjust tile sizes

sotaro
* CairoImage TextureClient recycling. Fixed tryserver error. Asking for review.
* Worked for Improving TabChild::InitRenderingState(). Fixed tryserver error. But still other tryserver errors.

bjacob:
* with Jeff
* DisplayLink Windows/Intel drivers patch
* AppNotes when blacklisting

________________


