Jeff
* WebGL performance keyed mutex related
* (concurrency analyzer in vis studio is a useful tool)
* (gpuview trace is also a useful tool)

bjacob:
* blacklist GL acceleration separately

kats:
* wrote patches for bug 1091296, an assertion in AsyncCompositionManager when APZ transforms clobber OMTA transforms
* fixed and re-landed test for bug 1093686
* tried unsuccessfully to repro bug 1089941 (layout regression from one of roc's changes)
* cooked up a quick prototype for bug 1085404 to have smoother flywheel scrolling
* started working on third set of patches for hittesting (bug 918288)

mchang
* Implementing feedback for bug 552020, vsync on os x
* rebased bug 1085512 on mwu's touch resampling refactor
* looking at long composites in bug 1094760
* Learning about Windows vsync API

Nical:
* reviewing sotaro's patch
* (conservatively) blacklisted some ati drivers before the 33.1 build
* don't know what to do about the nvidia/intel shared surf sync problems, there isn't a clear range of driver versions (including an nvidia driver from 2014), for some people the issue is fixed by deactivating D2D, for some people it doesn’t.
* updated my "stolen" laptop to the last driver versions distributed by dell (2011) It doesn't fix the issue. Intel's download manager doesn't want to update the drivers (says go ask dell), I don't want to break the computer before I get its owner a chance to getting the files.

sotaro
* Investigated codeaurora's camera bug. Created a patch and asking for a feedback.
* Start Implementing RemoveTextureFromCompositableTracker improvement. (bug 1093110)

BenWa:
* Got smarter tile size working based on the gralloc size. Computed on startup.
* Now to land the patches I wrote (intermediate surface, tile sizes)

________________


