BenWa:
* Taken over http://people.mozilla.org/~bgirard/gfx_features_stats/. Fixed some bugs, Makefile, upload.sh moved to https://github.com/bgirard/gfx-stats. I'd like to support cronjob at some point.
* New approach to avoiding FB switches. Passes locally, now on try
* Tiling fix ready to fix but conflicts exploded, hopefully will land today
* Working on HWC scale bug

kats:
* landed bug 1095727 to tweak the fling curving prefs
* put up WIPs for part 3 of hit-testing
* wrote some patches to get rid of an unnecessary pref, which will make APZ work again on mac nightly with e10s - bug 1072498
* did a triage of some bugs in the P&Z component and closed out a few
* some investigation on bug 1096513
* landed bug 1021367 to re-land botond's bugs 1076163 and 1055741 which he landed last night but bounced
* working through review comments on bug 1090398
* discussion point: we should split the "Graphics" and "Graphics: Layers" bugzilla components into smaller ones, and in particular, make sure at least one person is watching and responsible for each of the graphics bugzilla components

Nical:
* reviews
* looked some more at the HandleError stuff
* patch up for review for the ipdl crash (a new one)
* DrawTargetTiled got backed out on b2g (intermittent test failure)
* installed gpuview on the 'stolen' laptop but haven't yet made the recording (or rather, tried a few minutes ago and everything froze)
* out of topic but: chrome now has gpu rasterization with tiling on android, and they use BIG tiles (like 4 per viewport on their high end phones).

mchang
* bug 1097792 - Further tweak fling curving prefs
* Alpha draft of a silk presentation for portland

sotaro
* Updated a patch of ImageClient change on gonk.
* Updated TextureClient recycle of CairoImage and checked-in.
* Provided a camera bug fix patch for uplifting to b2g v2.0.
* Started to investigate Failing MOZ_ASSERT(mGLTextureSource == aTextureSource) on latest b2g homescreen.
* Did checking re-enabling acquire fence. During it, I noticed 2 things.
* On b2g v2.0, WMW app's fps dropped half during long running. On master b2g, WMW app's fps did not drop.
* When usb cable did charging to flame, WMW fps was 49 fps. When there is not charging to flame, WMW fps was 43 fps, cpu clock might effect to it.

jrmuizel:
* It looks like we figured out what's going wrong in the HandleError crash
* Figured out what to do with jgilbert about the large render target (blocks d3d11 angle by default)
* Updated the keyed mutex angle patch for review comments
* Got the GLBlitTextureImage move working
* Worked a bit on my patch to add PushClipRects



mstange:
* worked more on testing cross-browser differences in filter region handling
* debugged shaking 3d transform with basic layers (bug 1097776), pixman precision issue
* made some progress on scroll invalidations on Firefox for Android (wrong "scroll range" when updating main thread scroll position, plus probably a bug in the way we calculate the intended app units scroll position)
* next: Windows filters, try to find out how to get a stack trace in Fennec

bjacob:
* gfx stats with brigand

Bas:
* black screen bug machine triage

________________


