Bas:
* Single texture patch, close to having it working
* w. Markus on Skia transforms issues

Jeff:
* slow OMTC bug, our patches leave AMD out in the cold - maybe they're seeing the delayed frame problem - adjusted old AMD drivers blacklist, put it out in Beta, they'll get OMTC basic
* landed OpenGL program state tracking
* updated ANGLE patch
* shared surfaces (startup crash, E10S didn't work)

Nical:
* Bug 1074378
* tried to see if it could be a wrong param like an invalid box
* resurrected the backed out blacklisting patch which should be good now that we don't fallback to D3D9 when D3D11 fails
* getting an aurora dev env ready for bug 1098895 which I can reproduce
* review
* updated patch on bug 1086670

BenWa:
* Finished my patch for retaining intermediate surface content. Did a blind test and its visibly faster.
* Added a d2d/d2d1.1 feature check to gfx-stats
* Wrote download.sh to make it easier to update gfx-stats. Should be able to cron it now
* Landed retaining the surface (content coming later)

kats:
* put updated patches on bug 918288 for the hit-testing work. still need to figure out one problem with activating a handoff chain
* investigated bug 1100140 where we fell back to sync scrolling on full-screen, turned out to be a problem with our fixedposition handling code. put up a patch for that

mchang
* bug 552020 - vsync on OS X. Looks like bad timing, root cause was bug 1073662, a few commits before bug 552020. Rewrote vsync hooks in from nsAppShell to gfxPlatform.
* bug 1097792 - Tested fling prefs

mstange:
* new fix for bug 1097776 (shaking unaccelerated 3d transforms): just use skia
* looked some more into Fennec scroll invalidations

sotaro
* Updated a patch of WebRTC gralloc usage. Need to add a mechanism of freeing redundant gralloc buffer.
* Start working for freeing codecs during MediaStateMachine is in dormant state. Looking into MSE implementation. On b2g, MSE still do not work. In a week or so, it seems to be enabled.

________________


