Dan:
* setting up for review and aiming to land WebGL2 patches so that we can parallelize some of the upcoming work

Jeff:
* experimental WebGL cleanup
* ANGLE issue, but normal record/playback not working is slowing things down
* we don't have a good way of testing ANGLE before it breaks things - Chrome testing doesn't really count…
* Y-flip conversation with snorp - any boolean around this is a danger flag

David:
* APZ bugs
* Windows specific landed
* containerless scrolling in review
* bugs in event region handling
* hit testing next

Jeff M:
* AMD OMTC slow bug
* triaging tracked bugs
* Nvidia crash preventing D3D11 ANGLE, mystery as to the cause...

Nical:
* looked at 1098895, bug in the double buffered ImageClient
* Filed Bug 1101552 to remove the double buffered ImageClient. This simplifies the code, makes a bug in the buffered ImageClient disappear. and we shouldn't need it now.
* Tried Jeff's patch which passes the no-threading-optimization flag to the D3D11 device creation on the laptop that has problems but it didn't fix anything
* landed the blacklist patch in bug 1074378 into inbound, will wait for a day before uplift.

BenWa:
* gfx stats now with more data. Got OS X market share breakdown, added d2d[1.1] success and overall usage
* Review for retain intermediate surface content, try run
* Spent quite some time looking at the failures but I don't understand what could be wrong. Some state based on the scroll position. I could enable only the retain content patch to land that faster.

Jerry:
* Bug 1092978 - vsync-aligned refresh driver
* reviewing

mchang:
* Got OS X metrics data by ADI - https://dataviz.mozilla.org/views/PlatformVersionFirefoxADI/OSXDetails
* bug 552020 - vsync on os x - fixed up crashes / talos on try. So far it passed inbound.
* bug 1095242 - disable vsync when idle

mstange:
* landed shaking 3d transform fix (replacing pixman usage with Skia usage) + fixed existing Skia leak
* more Fennec scroll invalidation debugging
* did a try push for turning on tiling on 10.6: https://treeherder.mozilla.org/ui/#/jobs?repo=try&revision=1d6dfd6fe0c9 - only fuzzable gradient failures, no intermittent garbage

Bas:
* single texture D2D patches
* D2D cleanup issues
* device lost issues

kats:
* put bug 918288 patches up for review, addressed some review comments, still waiting for reviews on others
* doing some mentoring on bug 1071197

botond:
* bug 1093298 (issue with overscroll bounce)
* review made me realize the patch was misguided; wrote and landed a correct fix
* bug 1096513 (another issue with overscroll bounce)
* investigated, diagnosed issue
* not immediately clear how to fix it; talked to Gordon about possibly modifying the effect to avoid running into this issue
* had another look at bug 1090280 (issue caught by someone's "cast sanitizer" tool)
* code looks clean by inspection; will need access to tool to make progress
* began investigating (graphics glitch, possibly related to overscroll effect)

sotaro
* Analysing MSE implementation.
* Do review and work for some media bugs.

________________


