mchang
* bug 1101974 - Refactor vsync dispatcher into compositor parent to make it easier for multi-monitor support. Also makes disabling / enabling vsync easier (bug1095242).
* bug 1094760 - Flame goes into power saving mode with the usb unplugged
* looked at b2g-backlog gfx bugs 

kats:
* landed bug 1100140 to fix the sync scrolling in fullscreen issue
* continued working on hit-testing patches, there are some more issues that came up during review that i need to address
* Closed a bunch of old bugs in the Panning/Zooming component, filed a few new ones to reflect new work plans

Nical:
* worked on the removal of the buffered ImageClient some more, will land after I get the results from the try push
* reviews and needinfos
* landed some gfxCriticalError logging to help with investigating a crash in thebes painted layers.

mstange:
* made good progress on Fennec scroll invalidations
* created perf comparison for tiling on 10.6 (bug 1101635): tp5o_scroll regresses too much, we may need to look into using client storage for texture upload sooner rather than later

sotaro
* Worked for OMXCodec crash. It was caused by 2 bugs. One is gecko's regression, another is caf omx il component bug. Both could happen on b2g v2.0. The gecko regression fix was already checked-in. About the caf omx bug,  I am asking to codeaurora.
* Seem to need to analyze WebRTC performance problem on Loop on b2g v2.1(bug 1097235).

BenWa:
* Landed two regressions fixes
* Found the cause of my reftest failures on OS X. Same test failing on windows so its likely the same cause
* I had a real quick look at porting trace-viewer again. Their using HTML import which seems to have different timing for us.

Bas:
* driver reset issues, tracking and looking for a solution

Jeff:
* OGL state caching
* compositor on OS X (while scrolling) spends 45% in texture upload, 11% in free
* client storage conversation to reopen for OS X?
* ANGLE crash, why nvidia driver crashes

________________


