Bas:
* reworking creation of D3D11 devices
* interesting WARP results

Nical:
* Will work from Portland next week.
* Looking at how to properly initialize the compositor backend and how to change it at runtime. There are really weird things around PCompositor (the way it is used on e10s for one). I would like to enforce 1 PCompositor per process rather than per widget, and have one PLayerTransaction per widget instead (right now we have a 1-1 relationship between PCompositor and PLayerTransaction. cf. bug 1102387
* Wrote 2 cleanup patches: bug 1102917 and bug 1102895, I am somewhat amazed that the former bug didn't cause weird issues yet.
* Landed the removal of the buffered ImageClient, no issues so far, asked for aurora uplift.

kats:
* updated patches for hit-testing (bug 918288) to address review comments
* finished going through P&Z component bugs, closed out a few more
* investigated bug 1101201 (scrollbars appearing during app startup)
* wrote a patch for bug 1056388 to add some assertions
* fixed up the test failures that bug 1092450 got backed out for, did try push to check it's ok and will reland it shortly
* catching up on silk/vsync stuff that i've been neglecting a little bit

botond:
* had a discussion about bug 1096513 (issue with compressions in overscroll bounce), documented a few possible alternative solutions
* not able to reproduce bug 1098654 (overscroll gfx glitch)
* reviewed kats' patches for bug 918288 (hit testing)
* investigated bug 1099298 (proper fix for fennec regression caused by stage 1 of apz-css-transforms)

mchang
* bug 1101974 - Finished refactoring VsyncDispatcher into the CompositorParent
* bug 1102453 - Enable VsyncSource on b2g to enable/disable vsync
* bug 1095242 - Disable vsync when idle
* bug 1102631 - WIP to create a fallback software vsync timer for tests

BenWa:
* Landed retaining the intermediate surface contents \o/
* Had a discussion with gaia about the Gallery app.
* Caught up on reviews and needinfo

sotaro
* Analyzed MES implementation. Class Diagram of  MSE is updated to my github.
* WebRTC performance log was got by codeaurora. But it was useless. I tried to reproduce the problem locally. But some how firefoxos loop application does not work at all. Asking to jesup.

mstange:
* more Fennec scroll invalidation work
* fixed a 10.10 32 bit crash I caused (bug 1102304)
* reviewed patch in bug 1101974

________________


