BenWa:
* Wrote a patch to log will-change failure when out of budget. Added report once warning feature to nsIDocument
* Various reviews,
* Looked at WebRTC indicator performance with sotaro
* Starting to look into bug 1103207 (OMTA refresh with steps)
* Started compositor gtests. I have nearly everything done except creating the composite layers. This is disallowed because they're meant to be created over IPC, not sure how to solve that yet.

kats:
* landed patches for bug 918288 (hit testing) and bug 1092450 (disable meta-viewport on desktop)
* discussed silk architecture with mason, made some bug dependency changes
* mentoring bug 1101620
* updated patch for bug 1092217 (mach gtest --debug), wrote a patch for bug 1056388 (add some assertions)

botond
* blog post about C++ committee meeting now live: http://theres-waldo.ca/2014/11/23/trip-report-c-standards-meeting-in-urbana-champaign-november-2014/
* second round of review for bug 918288 (hit testing)
* bug 1099298 (proper fix for Fennec regression for apz-css-transforms stage 1)
* apz-css-transforms stage 2 (bug 1076253, bug 1076241)
* addressed review comments, did some manual testing and a try push
* have a couple of try failures / other issues, will investigate

mchang
* bug 1101974 - Discussed silk architecture with kats, resolves issues with multi-display + global vsync dispatcher concerns from roc/vlad

mstange:
* debugged bug 1102302 a little (hang with nested event loop and native event starvation)
* wrote a patch for bug 1102823 (new yosemite title bar double click behavior - zoom instead of minimize)
* filed bug 1103165 (duplicate of some other bug, something with reference frame position)
* talked a little with benoit and sotaro about rate-limited animations

sotaro
* Investigated a performance problem when Firefox hello app is in background. "Attention Indicator" caused the main performance
* problem. Got advices from BenWa and mstange.
* Indicator uses css animations.

Bas:
* WARP, we fallback OK
* With dxva, we end up in RGB, instead of YCbCr, etc.

________________


