BenWa:
*     Compositor tests working mac: Basic + OGL
* 


jgilbert:


        From :snorp:



        [...] I have now noticed very bad performance on Mediatek devices (which use PowerVR). There is a thread here[0] that talks about the first render to a texture being very slow. That's terrible for us, because this patch only ever renders into a texture once. Ugh.



        [0] http://forum.imgtec.com/discussion/3201/first-time-drawing-into-texture-is-slow




        From the thread:



        I've spoken to the driver team, and they've informed me that a backing surface is allocated when an attachment is used for the first time, which would explain the cost you're seeing. This behaviour is specific to Series5 & Series5XT drivers. The process has been optimised in our Series6 drivers.



mstange (will miss the meeting today):


        Compositor tests review



        Wrote a patch for the Windows part of bug 1092634 (D2D filters, control output rect of color matrix + component transfer)



        landed bug 1102823 (titlebar double click behavior)



kats:


        landed patches for bugs 1056388, 1092217, 1104266, 1104282, all pretty minor things



        investigating bug 1104099, issue with event regions



        investigated bug 1103329, 1099502, 1077716 (fennec issues)



mchang


        bug 1101974 - reworking vsync framework to support multiple displays



sotaro


        Investigated "Notification Indicator" problem on b2g.



Jeff:


        PTO



        the Romanian Lenovo arrived - will chase that today



        frame delay on AMD, a bit of a performance regression



Bas:


        partial present for dxgi 1.2, tried on d3d11 warp, made a difference, not caught up yet

________________


