Nical:
* bug 1036682
* bug 1086670 - more logging to be sure, looking at the crash stats it really look like OOM, and nothing specific to do apart from using less memory, double checked every code path that could lead to having the buffer on black without the buffer one white of a component alpha pair and nothing came up apart from texture/DrawTarget allocations.
* Helping jwatt a bit with getting around layers code
* rebased and uplifted the removal of double buffered ImageClient.
* Bug 1105088 - patch to disable D3D9 on vista and later except if the prefer-d3d9 pref is manually set

mchang
* bug 1101974 - WIP to rework Vsync Framework

Dan:
* getting the WebGL2 patches through review (50% r+), modifying (small r-), and landing
* have it landed to be able to run the demo

David:
* APZ - small bugs with scrollbars (overscrolling), fixed one, pausing on the rest
* hit testing
* scroll wheel events
* APZ totally broken with Flash - if any Windowed plug-in, should just disabled it? - because it's a separate window, hard to grab events quickly enough

Jerry:
* refresh driver - discuss for 1101974

mstange:
* looked into startup deadlock on 10.10.2 with hardware acceleration (bug 1104827), filed Apple bug, created experimental patch that fixes the hang but results in an empty window on the affected machine
* worked more on the Windows part of bug 1092634 (filter bounds)

Jeff:
* trouble getting the "Romanian" PC to reproduce the problem

kats:
* landed patches for bug 1104099, bug 1104809 to fix some issues with the event regions. further testing showed no other bugs, so we should be good to enable the event-regions hit-testing at start of 37
* wrote a patch for bug 1105295 to stop using scrollinfo layers with the event regions hit-testing
* will see if i can land bug 1085404 before the end of the week to get it out of the way, and then start working on root process APZ work

botond:
* trying to investigate test failures for bug 1076241 (part of apz-css-transfroms stage 2), having a lot of trouble running the test suites locally to reproduce
* cleaning up patches for bug 1073081 (fixing Werrors on b2g)

sotaro
* Investigated camera preview regression when Hwc is used. It was caused by recent change to nsVideoFrame and ImageLayerComposite. It stop use Layer's precaling.

BenWa:
* Worked on 2.1 blocker. Still don't know what module is responsible. Seems to be related to the size of the element.

________________


