Jeff:
* chasing Romanian AMD problems; current approach to check if shared surfaces work.  Probably a bug on our side.  Do we have the same problem on OS X?
* Not a lot of us are running E10S enabled…
* Nvidia crash

kats
* found another couple of small bugs with the event-regions code, wrote patches for them: bug 1105836 and bug 1105823
* filed bug 1105812 for being able to use gdb on b2g over ssh, put up a patch for it
* looked into bug 1083818 to get rid of the 10ms delay on click events in some cases. wrote something that seems to work but needs more testing. will defer that to later
* looking into bug 1098654

botond:
* lots of wrestling with adb and b2g, trying to investigate problems with bug 1076241 patch (apz-css-transforms stage 2)
* did manage to reproduce one of the behaviours kats was seeing, and updated patch to fix it
* finished splitting up and cleaning up patches for bug 1073081 (fixing Werrors on b2g)
* did build-only try push, successful
* will post patches for review today

BenWa:
* I have a theory for my 2.1 blocker, if that's it then we should have a patch soon.
* Worked on improving layer tree visualization. See: https://benoitgirard.wordpress.com/2014/11/28/improving-layer-dump-visualization/

mstange:
* uploaded final patch on bug 1092634 (filter regions)
* started trying out another approach to fixing bug 1104827 (10.10.2 deadlock + blank window)
* looked at B2G layer trees with BenWa

sotaro
* Updated camera preview problem fix patch. It got feedback+.
* Analyzed Attention Indicator in latest master and confirmed the patch fix the problem in v2.1.

________________


