nical
  * fixed the pathfinder glitch
  * looking at blob recoordination again
  * triage
    * what's up with removing the mlgpu compositor backend? (have a bug in there apparently 1551211)
    * who should I bother about full-screen video issues? bug 1550759 looks pretty bad.

gankro
  * worked out why we're messing up box-shadows in perspective
  * spent(ing) way too much time figuring out what's going on with ::selection shadows

Jnicol
  * Addressing review comments for glyph zooming and border bug.

kats:
  * made good progress on the wrench reftests, at least in a local setup. can start the emulator with the AVD, install wrench and run it. now working through panics and disabling tests
  * fixed silly bug in sync script

kvark
  * laptop fighting
  * WR reviews
  * WebGPU discussions on Github

jbonisteel
  * Smattering of meetings and 1:1s
  * Strated draft of Q3 OKRs: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bq1X4Z_0LCSA9BcSKGeyXb5xQyxDL9W01ORaeZ7cstk/edit
    * very draft-y
  * Chatting with Jeff about what we could potentially target for more WR in 69, want to try and have something for each release for the remainder of the year

rhunt
  * painfully debugging some try failures for tab switching patches
    * can't reproduce locally? usually
    * have fixed maybe half

jrmuizel
  * more createclippeddrawtarget debugging
    * one less bug
    * only a couple reftests remain


miko
  * Landed the fix for display item merging issue (bug 1551053) 
    * The bug was pretty bad, so did some triage and found at least one possible duplicate 
    * Wrote a reftest that triggered another recently filed item merging bug 1551061, and served as a minimized test case for it 
  * Fixed issues found in new container item patch (bug 1529698), hopefully landing it later today 
  * Got nerd sniped by a changed profile for dl-mutate test 
    * After various DL building improvements, we now spend roughly 10% of TOTAL time just iterating through the display list (and checking whether items can be flattened) 
    * Tried using __builtin_prefetch() in various places to give compiler better caching hints, with the goal of asynchronously pre-reading the memory for next display item while the current one is processed 
      * The results were inconclusive (within ~0.5%), so presumably compilers/CPUs can do it well enough on their own 
    * This seems like a promising area for future improvement. Changing the linked-list to a vector, or changing display item bucket sizes (less padding between the items) might improve the iteration performance tremendously
    * Ideas are welcome
