nical
  * talked with mconley about picture-in-picture gfx side of things
  * wr newsletter #38
  * trying to further reduce the test case for the text shadow issue
    * I suspect the problem is caused by how we don't render content outside the viewport before blurring.

kvark
  * looking at the remaining quality issue with perspective interpolation - https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D18123
  * working on https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1515932

jbonisteel
  * worked on a (very) rough draft of Q2 OKRs (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EeyjS2hLyE0kjls5-gbTjlEC7zTOL66iU6XubdR5ZfQ/edit)
  * filled out an OKR "resourcing" document for telin 
  * couple of 1:1s
  * Various WR meetings
  * Talking about Android with Jeff, decided we should aim for Pixel 2 to start

jnicol
  * green try run for border corners patches. fingers crossed I can get that landed and stuck tonight
  * helping out colleague with gfx stuff
  * looking back in to android webrender stuff. noticed a startup crash when i tried to enable it in reference browser so will investigate that.

kats
  * continued looking into my WIP for bug 1523080 wasn't working
  * looked at whatsapp web regression reported this morning, bug 1524261. just kicked off try push with potential fix
  * meetings

jrmuizel
  * a bunch of miscelanous stuff
    * some canvas forwarding review
    * mozregression gui mac
  * looked enabling wr on intel

miko
  * Discovered some weird behavior with multi/hybrid GPU systems, posted results in bug 1524098.
    * It seems that sometimes one Firefox instance has processes using different GPUs, which drastically slows down display list build times. Presumably because the GPUs exchange data and use precious memory bandwidth needed for DL building.
    * Investigating further if this funky behavior also exists with systems using just integrated GPUs
  * Fixed bug 1523329
