Bas:
* DirectX and push layers
* need to continue conversation about subpixel AA



BenWa:
* Reviews, bug triage
* Got the gl debug wrapper patch working. Thanks Botond!
* gl debug wrapper will also come with a tracing preference.



Nical:
* I keep forgetting to bring these up:
* Do we want to keep around the (currently unused) single-paint-buffer tiling code for D2D? getting rid of it would simplify things quite a bit, not sure it's really appropriate for D2D either, perhaps "less inappropriate" than DrawTargetTiled.
* If we move BufferTextureClient's metadata out of the buffer into the SurfaceDescriptor, we can save quit e a lot of memory (my bad for doing that in the first place). I don't think there's any security risk.
* re-re-relanded the textures patch que after an epic weekend of pushing to try every 5 hours
* implementing work stealing in the job scheduler



Edwin:
* 1199923 - WebGL security bug - still trying to fix this for nVidia.



jrmuizel:
* Have all the patches up for review that I want for turning on WebGL2



mchang:
* PTO



Lee
* cleaning up Skia update patches so they can be reviewed soon



jnicol
* tested skia update on nexus 7 (2013) - no issues
* backporting then will request uplift for 1223479 (fix fennec display port size calculation)
* slowly but surely making sense of framelayerbuilder, trying to work out why we're creating 100 layers for site



Brad:
* WebGL2 failing test



kats:
* landed APZ on fennec, although it's not in today's nightly, should be in tomorrow's
* working on a blog post about APZ and interaction with different scroll effects



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1220873 (mentored bug, more rounds of feedback), bug 1225508, bug 1228125
  - helped BenWa and Jeff figure out a manageable way to wrap GL calls without too much boilerplate
  - worked with Ehsan to investigate a bug where the clang-plugin would not compile (bug 1224767), ended up being a configuration problem
          - PSA: the plugin requires clang >= 3.5. we tried to see if it would be easy to support 3.4, as that is the default on some distros like
                 Ubuntu LTS, but it's not easy so we dropped it
  - addressed review comments for and landed bug 1208829
  - fixed bug 1227760 (regression from bug 1217515)
  - working on second part of strongly-typed matrix classes (bug 1069417)
  - did Try push for bug 1228597 (removing ifdefs for fennec-apz), will look into remaining b2g emulator failures

________________


