BenWa:
* reviewed 912054, 911889
* Fixing hamachi environment was unsuccessful, tried the emulator but also unsucessful
* d3d9 cairo patch working but doesn't support native scrollbars. Patch shows impressive improvements for TART but numbers are uncertain until we fix outstanding bugs

Bas:
* likely performance problem in Cairo Moz2D
* have another run at try
* profiles and reviews

Nicolas:
* regressions with new textures on B2G
* media streams - same image, different layers, and same texture clients on different layers was unsupportedly working before?
* another texture clients issue in complicated sharing scenarios

Jeff:
* vsync
* fix for the region code, just a build problem left
* back to B2G video stuff

Sotaro:
* camera, video, recording, preview
* native window
* video playback some disruptions

bjacob:
* SkiaGL on B2G

George:
* building rebase, crashing on load (Android)
* have a fix for the Mac crash
* getting approval to uplift the security patch

________________


Weekly - 2013/09/03
Texture clients and media streams
Source can be output of another video stream.  Two image containers that receive the same image object. Two layers get the same texture clients.
Same shmem, but different texture client (in the deprecated).  In the new textures - same texture client.  This is a problem because the texture client or texture host decide on the lifetime - but now we have shmem in two texture clients. Current restriction is texture client belongs to a compositable. We don't know about it and the texture could go away.


Texture clients and complicated sharing scenarios


________________
 Preference main thread or not

Have a conversation on the dev platform first.
Extra code, main thread cost, at startup if we do it.
Are there any values that need to be accessed. Preference changes are notified with events. Read the preference at the start of the frame - no need for a listener. Regular pref reading is heavyweight. Hide the listener stuff, get a variable that the system ensures is set to the most recent value. This is the right system to use. This is main thread only - should we make this off main thread? Thread safe cache, without requiring the whole system.  The very first read, if not done at startup is a problem.


Can we sell this as "be able to read prefs off main thread" - restricted API that can be used from other threads. Prefs have to flush to disk, would this be a problem?




________________


