There seems to be an available Tegra 3 development board in San Francisco.  Would we want it in Toronto, would it be useful, how would we use it?  What about Vlad's team?


nical:
* Working on new texture for gralloc. Have a patch to disable using media stream to capture output and use it as the input to another.
* Patch for racing between deallocing textures
* Small patch to rename LayerTransaction.ipdlh to LayersMessage.ipdlh to avoid confusion with PLayerTransaction.ipdl

BenWa:
* d3d9surface patch landed. Compare talos showing +15% as well as tp/svg improvements:
* http://compare-talos.mattn.ca/breakdown.html?oldTestIds=29104563&newTestIds=29083787,29106793,29106803,29106815&testName=tart&osName=Windows%20XP&server=graphs.mozilla.org
* Finished review for mega profiler patch 867757
* Reviewed IOInterpose enchancements 888534

bjacob:
* Debugging continues on https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=905227
* The issue seems to be specificly that the NVIDIA driver used on the hosts (that the emulator runs on) does not like rendering to a RGBA4 texture
* Working on confirming that theory
* Releng seems to say, we won't get a driver update on these slaves
* Working on finding a work-around. Testing a patch that makes us use RGBA8 instead of RGBA4, as we would on desktop OpenGL.
* While debugging that, I noticed a few worrying things about Skia/GL:
* It creates another offscreen framebuffer with a stencil buffer. Together with the primary FBO that our GLContext renders to, that is 2 FBOs. Is that
* intentional?
* That second FBO is rounded above to the next POT size (800x1000 becomes 1024x1024). Why? GLES2's partial support for NPOT should be enough for 2D rendering.
* More work on avoiding useless #includes
* Tracking bug for my approach: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=912735
* More patches to GLContext.h
* Started work on nsRect.h
* Discussion around automatically discovering cycle leaks in bug https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=912255

Sotaro
* Working on GonkNativeWindow
* Bug 901224 - ImageBridgeChild returns gralloc buffers too early to GonkNativeWindow
* On emulator, camera perview is rendered in wrong order even when the path applied
* dead lock happens when ImageContainer::SetCurrentFrame(nullptr) try to flush TextureClient synchronously. Ongoing rendering try to get ImageContainer's reentrant monitor that already got by ImageContainer::SetCurrentFrame(nullptr).

Bas:
* Worked on moz2d performance. No experience solved the performance problem. Still have performance gaps with hacky patch applied. (Discussion on these regressions)
* Discussed VSync with roc

________________


