BenWa:
* Interview fiascos :(
* Looked at b2g perf problems. Nothing conclusive with the emulator
* Scoped out OMTC basic for windows
* e10s code has things working but with bugs
* We need to double buffer (but I think WM_PAINT does to)
* We composite the entire window everytime, regression for basic 
* 913329 glass is broken, I have a patch for that
* Windowed plugin are bad
* WebGL works!

Nicolas:
* landed the fixes that could enable new textures; landed the preference as well - green so far
* once it lands, we will manually QA bugs and see which ones are handled with this
* transaction changes proposal (improved performance with video playback) - 913461 - doesn't look like we need this right now?
* reviews

bjacob
* Skia/GL turned on on B2G! https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=905227
* The bug causing reftests to fail on the slaves turned out to be two-fold: the Android Emulator doesn't advertize support for RGBA8 renderbuffers (even though it does support them), so we were trying to fall back to RGBA4, but the NVIDIA drivers on the slaves don't support RGBA4 render targets. So, both a Android Emulator bug and a NVIDIA bug. Fixed by working around the Android Emulator by pretending that it supports RGBA8 renderbuffers (it really does).
* Min size on all platforms: 128 px. Should we increase it?
* Looking into running mochitests twice, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=905217

Sotaro:
* B2G camera/video
* emulator issues
* deadlock on Unagi - bad performance, but only on that phone - Hamachi + Nexus 4 are ok-ish

Jeff:
* interview mess
* B2G camera/video with Sotaro

George:
* XP crash, fail to reproduce - possibly a driver issue, looking for a laptop to reproduce on

________________


