SkiaGL see 827229.  
Julien Isorce (39 of 89) 
________________


Next couple of weeks with B2G changes going to Aurora - are there some changes we should keep out of central during this time?  Perhaps in the graphics branch?
------------------------

BenWa:
* Wrote a patch to improved the overdraw calculation
* Wrote a patch to make it easier to dump layer tree from mobile & opt without clobbering
* Debugging where the overdraw is coming from. We overdraw the chrome background on the Settings app (likely elsewhere). Quick experiment shows that culling (and/or reducing draw calls) makes a huge difference. From 60 FPS to 10 FPS 

sotaro:
* Oslo work week
* Worked on graphics defect. Landed fix for genlock, fix for shared texture across compositor

jrmuizel:
* Talked with benwa about culling
* Looked into the new region regression. Got symbolicated profile through heroic effort. Looks like regression is because we're painting things twice.

bjacob:
* Worked on newer gralloc buffer actor crashes reported on friday.
* patch 1: Removing a level of indirrection
* patch 2: Removing the crash. Crashes on TBPL that appears to be a leak
* Noticed a leak of gralloc buffers without patch 2 on hamachi (cubevid). Looking into that. (Could be fixed by nical' patch)
* Old WebCL bug: Today the bug got a message from someone from taiwan

nical:
* Sent email
* Looked into texture shutdown protocol sequence
* Tried to reproduce bjacob' bug about running out of pmem on unagi but does not reproduce
* Looking into gralloc buffer leaks

gw280:
- Can reproduce busted try results locally
- I think I know what's wrong - but now i can step through a debugger and look more closely
- Also been looking at getting the final few patches upstreamed

________________


