BenWa:
* Wrote documentation for the overfill counter: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Performance/OverfillCounter
* Looked into making RenderFrame opaque but best uplift candidate is culling across ContainerLayer. Patch in progress for that
* Overhead: Debrief, Reviewied patch for sync profiler stacks, io counters

gw280:
* Profiling skia on x86-android to try and find cause of 916657 (slow reftest runs on x86 trybots)
* Adding profiling tags to skia drawtarget in order to achieve this

Bas:
* catching up
* with Brian on KDDI on OpenVG Moz2D, performance analysis
* sync Moz2D with mozilla-central
* with Woodrow on performance
* with nrc on D3D9
* with Metro on hardware support

Jeff:
* fixed the regions bug, green but talos regressions (scaling a region was introducing a seam)
* CSS gradient regression
* with Matt & Nick on 
* CSS gradient regression
* with Matt & Nick on speeding up everything but Australis

Sotaro:
* checking in the fixes for gralloc, etc.

Dan:
* getting b2g builds going!
* will investigate gralloc buffer create/destroy frequency

bjacob:
* checking in the fixes for gralloc, etc.
* with Kats on Nexus 10 bug

________________


Weekly - 2013/09/10
Topics for the work week
B2G stability, then performance - plan, don't want to keep reacting to random e-mails
________________
 Tiling scrolling buffers

Simple patch.  What about video playing on top of a tiled layer - are we out of HWC at that point?  Ask MLee's team to measure. Is switching to and from tiles bad?  We are going to create a new layer anyway. 915673.  Measure performance, then see what happens.




________________


