"koi+" are 1.2 bugs deemed necessary for shipping.  If you get one of these, feel free to argue (with me to start) as to whether it is necessary for shipping 1.2 or not.  If it stays koi+, lets give it priority.


BenWa:
* Debrief
* Culling patch up for review
* Profiling b2g for next area of focus
* Worked on a profiler drawing waterfall. Have a prototype working: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/10523664/Screenshots/ao.png

Dan:
* worked on bug 843668 - Implement WebGL EXT_sRGB
* have the texture format part of the spec working with GL and EGL and started implementing the render buffer support. This appears to have a complication of requiring a glEnable() state to turned on to work for GL, so I think I need to talk to :bjacob and/or :jgilbert about that.

Bas:
* with Markus on filters - we have a bug in our blur code, a box blur rounding error, when repeated three times gets us 255->252.  Markus suggests bias, 4% performance regression
* will check other browsers and decide what to do
* cairo path patch - talos stayed the same, but try caught reftest regression

Jeff:
* webp color space issues (will ignore in the study, add a disclaimer)
* australis performance, they will get rid of the transparency animation
* background transparent vs. visibility hidden
* pmem logging

George:
* trying to land the skia rebase today
* cache size changes discussion with snorp - double caching, want to sort that out

Sotaro:
* H.264 status
* not getting needinfo back from mwu fast enough, will push some requests through anyway
* music application latency

Nicolas:
* scrolling performance of the music app (unagi), decent fps so far
* music app view freezing - can't reproduce
* gtest for texture client/host
* game crash, out of memory, but lives longer without new textures

bjacob
* Landed https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=900020 - failed to renew surface when needed on Android 4.3
* Spun off https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=919987 - we 'accidentally' introduced a mCurSurface sort of duplicating mSurface in the 400k streaming buffers patch, and at the moment i dont understand how anything works on android (though things do work in fact). But for sure, this needs fixing.
* worked on https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=914823 , figured it's the ISurfaceAllocator that's bad (its vptr is bad), further debugging shows it's destroyed already. I have no idea how this is supposed to work... ISurfaceAllocator is not refcounted, it's very hard to understand what is supposed to manage it.

________________


