 Bas:
* cairo path work
* 1d matrix rotation

Nicolas:
* trouble with DMD data, Sotaro found the game OOM
* implementing memory reporter for texture clients (shmem and memory)

Sotaro:
* music application - shrunk the cache from 8MiB to 8KiB
* skiagl and cache size
* hwc - veritcal line is drawn in some cases, happens only on current layer drawing
* may need a newer rooted kernel for hamachi

BenWa:
* reviewed 903296
* Fix plugin profiler syncing patch
* Improved XUL symbolication time on mac. We know only strip once (md5 check) :D
* 921212: Cache friendly buffer rotation code written with unit tests. Will hook up today!
* Added an option to show moving frames in cleoptra (api_showMovingFrames()):
* http://dl.dropbox.com/u/10523664/Screenshots/as.png

Jeff:
* unrotating buffers assistance
* regions

bjacob:
* webgl on windows, depth texture
* angle developer conversation

gw280:
* Found that the skia shadow fixes never got upstreamed or applied locally. Lost track of them because they were never put in the patches directory, and due to testing issues with SkiaGL they never showed up as failures until recently
* Code mostly refactored upstream, got the patch forward ported last night, seems to be working now
* Want to look into GPU-accelerated shadow support as we mostly fall back to the CPU right now
* Bugs 884888 and 910754

DanG: (Tues/Wed/Thurs)
WebGL
* Still implementing EXT_sRGB. 
* Uploaded a first pass patch so I could get feed back from bjacob and jgilbert.
* Currently working through the issues resulting from the review, mostly related to handling of framebuffer sRGB support on desktop OGL.
    B2G
* Spent a day investigating if it was possible to get Adreno Profiler (Windows only) to work with b2g. This meant installing an android environment and finding the correct USB drivers for hamachi. The profiler can see b2g running but fails to connect.
* I tried installing ICS user space drivers, in the hope that a special version of the driver is required to work with Adreno Profiler. This just resulted in b2g continuously segfaulting and restarting. :-(
* I discovered that MSM SoC are "quad-core" but not in the usual sense. There are 4 specialized cpus:
* Apps CPU
* Apps DSP
* Modem CPU
* Modem DSP
* The modem cpus are for the baseband, apps cpu is where b2g runs and apps dsp is where hwcomposer(?) runs.
* The PMEM (physical memory) driver is used to provide contiguous physical memory regions to userspace libraries that interact with the dsps and other hardware that cannot cope with  "scatter-gather".
* There is also a video block that handles MPEG-4, H.264. (liboverlay?)
* This might be known already by the team. (Sotaro?)

________________


