gw280:
* writing a standalone testcase (using moz2d) and porting moz2d standalone to b2g to bisect for bug 960276
* an interim skia update on the graphics branch to a rev from mid-Friday. https://tbpl.mozilla.org/?tree=Graphics  Lots of API changes, glad I caught them now.

BenWa:
* Finished the tiling reclycing. Rebased on it can-tiles. Runs the gradient case at 60 FPS.
* recycling test cases bottleneck on IPC messages. Trying to check the async IPC message times
* Looking into virtual list scrolling. I believe it's wrong

Nicolas:
* tiling branch Android regressions, could be few problems

Bas:
* invalidation logic, double buffering now better used
* per tile drawing path (single tile scenario)

Chris:
* memory usage with tiles
* max number of tiles (now includes the ones being used), max timeout
* able to run a number of apps staying without OOM

Jeff:
* scrollbar layer invalidation, #ifdef'd away on Android, probably should be on B2G?  not clear if we can, it may cause visual regressions?

Sotaro:
* SurfaceStream fence on 1.4 - uncovered some issues (buffer ownership handling is not up to speed) - could lead to tearing - may need to take a look
* QC device issue (which we don't have) could be caused by this issue

botond
  - APZC tree printing (bug 958596)
        - bisected patchset to determine which patch is responsible for Talos failures
        - was Patch 10 which introduced the static storage duration variable sApzcTreeLog
        - possibly its destructor was trying to do things too late in the shutdown sequence
        - changed it to a member of APZCTreeManager, reTried --> fixed the problem!
        - relanding today
  - composition bounds (bug 935219)
        - got access to build slave, will debug Try failures there
  - fling handoff (bug 965871)
        - fixed some bugs in WIP patches, posted new ones
        - some bugs remaining
  - displayport not being tile-aligned on first paint (bug 978248)
        - diagnosed, posted patch
  - zooming on overflow:hidden viewports (bug 975962)
        - tested and reviewed Kats' patch



bjacob
* working on will-change-in-privileged-code https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=977757

________________


