Scheduling for the work week


nical:
* Spent a good chunk of the weekend trying to unbreak my hamachi.
* same for today



gw280:
* Was at GDC all last week, hence the lack of updates
* For the week: helped out at the GDC booth, went to a series of pretty interesting talks, updated and landed a new version of Skia in trunk and started investigating bug 981005
* Not had a huge amount of time to look into 981005 so far so nothing yet
* Also filed a bunch of bugs against Skia just for general housekeeping and to keep track of them. Low priority but relatively easy work so can work on them when waiting for builds etc.



kats:
* wrote a second version of the patch for bug 980679 based on botond's suggestion, waiting review now
* went through dependencies of composition bounds change to see if they are fixed now
* fixed bug 986472 which was super annoying to me on fennec (clicks didn't work properly)
* discussed some strategies to fix bug 982888 with tn and botond; working on that now



botond
  - bug 983208 (progressive rendering issues on Android)
         - had detailed discussion of patch with Chris
         - reviewed updated patch
  - reviewed Kats' new patch for bug 980679 (jumpy scroll during load)
  - reviewed chaddcw's patch bug 980493 (FrameMetrics getter/setter for mScrollId)
  - reviewed Maksim's patch for bug 979345 (touch-action: manipulation)
  - bug 982888 (scrolling in email app)
         - discussed with kats and tn, hatched out plan to fix it
  - began working on bug 976605 (moving touch handler from BEP.js -> C++)



Chris:
* Handling 983208, not sure why the new tiling is affected.  Fixed in the tree, but still issues in the code.  Progressive rendering and new tiling seem to be in a minor clash.
* AccuWeather bug - everywhere, really - 984618.  In review.



bjacob
* Vacation!
* GfxInfo patch returning info about how many % of users have the DriverVersionMismatch preventing D3D10. Seems to be the dominant cause of D3D10 blacklisting among Nightly/Windows/Intel users, see https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=984417#c10
* Making it possible to use Typed Enums for bitfields ; porting CompositorTypes to Typed Enums ; found serious bugs in ContentClient.cpp mistreating TextureFlags!!



Sotaro:
* fence crash problem - Gecko IPC restricts to four messages, we needed five.  Right now, just limiting to four, but we should look for a proper solution
* Gonk and surface descriptor work progressing
* Fence support for tiling.  We need to change recycling.

________________


