BenWa:
* reftest failure was caused by an unrelated bug. BmpDecoder reports all image as opaque. Learned about the BMP format. Patch up for review
* Found another unrelated bug where opaque images use RGBA surface (likely a regression). Verified mwu' patch (bug 1063129). *discussion on what we do/should do*
* Patch seems to be working for the b2g background but other display item are getting in the way that will need to be adjusted or removed (like a 10% alpha black fade on the background)
* Found that we're using linear-gradient as solid colors in gaia. Filed a bug

mchang:
* Investigated 1062119, continuously calling the refresh driver and painting even though the screen was off / phone was idle.
* Screen off case - nsCaret keeps blinking - bug 1063265 
* Screen on looks like a gaia hack from gsvelto, related to 962594

kats:
* caught up on bugmail and such
* had to upgrade linux on my desktop, rebuild stuff. issues with hamachi, filed bugs
* landed bug 1053992 (visual indicator for sync scrolling) and bug 1058886 (gtest follow-up)
* did some investigation on bug 1062307 (long-press not working on fennec)

botond:
  - bug 1062437 (wrong APZC tree built for some layer trees with multi-layer-apz)
          - wrote gtest, landed fix and test
  - meeting with Gordon about uniform stretch effect
  - bug 1062483 (accidental overscroll stretch is disorienting)
          - looked into axis locking, seems to be working OK
          - Kevin posted a video - he seems to be moving his finger horizontally quite a bit
          - asked Gordon's opinion on making the axis lock harder to break overall
  - bug 1063101 (janky scrollbars)
          - diagnosed as being regressed by multi-layer-apz, with Markus' patches in bug 1061327 fixing it
  - filed bug 1063188 (segfault in JS engine)
          - not a bug, should just continue past it (GDB not ignoring it is a bug)
  - filed bug 1063194 (assertion failure in Axis::OverscrollBy()), reported by :khuey
          - wrote patch to modify assertions to be more informative
  - filed bug 1063224 (APZ calculations involving DPI are in wrong coordinate system)
  - filed bug 1063227 (make axis locking constants preffable)
  - investigated bug 1062516 ('add to homescreen' page unresponsive)
          - looks to be a likely dupe of bug 1062437
  - another round of review on contributor's patch for bug 1056367 (changing recursion to iteration during fling handoff)



Bas:
* D2D 1.1; small bugs in the new code

sotaro
* HERE Maps OOM problem
* Checked-in 2 cache purge patches. Landed on m-c.
* Consume more than 80MB kgsl memory when CanvasLayer does not exist.
* I want to call glFlush() in no CanvasLayer case just similarly to with CanvasLayer case. Like at most one glFlush() calls for each frame.
* jgilbert recommends to call glFlush() for each N gl draw calls.
* N=50 fixed the problem. But it degrade WebGL performance significantly
* WMW fps degraded from 47fps to 41fps.
* But jgilbert still recommends call glFlush() for each N gl draw call

jrmuizel:
* Looked at the filter rotation bug, I understand the problem but not sure how to fix it yet.

________________


