BenWa:
* Reviews & rebase
* Investigating the unlock performance. Intermediate surface is causing a large bottleneck
* Tried out the CSS restyle patch, doesn't seem to help
* Wrote 3 parts of a series for investigating unlock performance
* Landed bug 1057088

kats:
* landed bug 1062307 to fix the long-press in fennec
* thought about how to fix the checkerboarding problem (bug 1013385) and I think the layers side doesn't have enough info to draw checkerboarding at
* the moment. will need to add another rect to Layer for it
* fighting with gaia bugs trying to get stuff done (filed 1063179, 1064289, 1064302)
* verified bug 961636 is a dupe of 997101
* investigated bug 1063494, got a layers dump that explains the problem

botond:
  - discussed overscroll effect in UX-GFX meeting
  - tested roc's fix for bug 1063158 (spurious scrollinfo layers with multi-layer-apz)
          - working very well!
          - might make one or both of Markus' patches in bug 1061327 unnecessary
  - bug 1063227 (make axis locking constants preffable)
          - wrote patch and got it reviewed
  - bug 1063224 (APZ calculations involving DPI are in wrong coordinate system)
          - wrote patches, posted them for review
  - more progress with mentored bug 1056367 (turning recursion into iteration during fling handoff)
          - landed on m-c this morning



mchang: (read only)
* bug 1063265, stop blinking the text carat
* bug 1049258, make it easier to collect frame unifmority results both gaia front end and profiler backend.

sotaro
* mozCamera camera preview can not copy to canvas.
* MediaStreamGraph's event did not correctly delivered to HTMLMediaElement.
* Created a patch. Got feedback+ from roc.

Bas:
* D2D 1.1; at least one bug suggests a problem in D2D itself (workaround not successful on try)

Jeff G.:
* new WebGL compositor texture client code - reviewed, needs green on try
* releng/A-team moving WebGL mochi to their own test suite
* Walter's looking at stronger GL types (already found a number of issues)

Jeff M:
* screen rotation with filters, rewriting how we do rotation, cleans up a lot of code, but a large change

Dan:
* investigating variation in emscripten test performance (request animation frame, lot of jitter)
* timer accuracy? (test is a bar that moves across the screen at 1px/sec)

________________


