DanG:
* Working with Jeff G and BenWa investigating WebGL/Game jank.
* Investigating what we can do about the "jitter" we observe in timestamp passed to rAF.
* (mchang) Is it a software timer? Can we align to vsync?
* Setting up windows machine for Toronto visit.

kats:
* my fix for bug 1063494 was wrong, so i fixed it and added some test cases, put it up for review
* wrote a patch for bug 1064840 to allow some scrollinfo layers and yet not show the visual indicator
* discussed checkerboarding problem (bug 1013385) with mattwoodrow, turns out there isn't an easy solution that is always correct so I'm going to have to do some approximations
* bunch of reviews for botond's patches



botond:
* implemented some tweaks for overscroll stretch effect physics suggested by Gordon (bug 1064527)
* disabled overscrolling for flings too for 2.0 (bug 1064401)
* following up with Gordon about bug 1062483 (tweaking axis locking to make unintended overscroll harder)
* bug 1063227 (make axis locking constants preffable)
* addressed review comments and landed
* bug 1063224 (APZ calculations involving DPI use wrong coordinate system)
* addressed review comments and landed
* tested overscroll effect with multi-layer-apz - seems to be working well
* discussion with roc/tn about scroll info layers and event regions

mchang:
* Talked with James Lal about some graphics automation things.
* Talked with Blake Kaplan about e10s architecture and graphics changes required there
* Fixed a bug in 1049258 on non-unified builds on windows.
* Pinged Bhavana to get 2.1+ approval on touch resampling bug fix (1062438) and text carat flashing (1063265)
* Touch Resampling user testing - 1062331 - Very difficult for people to tell a difference on a flame unless it is a slow tracking scroll + side by side. Noticed that scrolling was very janky on a taco, a high end device, remarkably better with touch resampling on.

Nical:
* Managed to get my linux setup to work again
* Worked some more on the Linux + OMTC-basic deadlock, my latest patch leaks a few top level IPDL actors, haven't found out why yet
* observed some weird (invalidation?) bugs with basic omtc on linux, filed bug 1064869
* reviews and feedbacks

sotaro
* HERE maps killed by oom: By no glFlush()
* We agreed as a short term fix. Long term fix is going to be addressed in a different bug.
* HERE maps killed by oom: by kicking browser tab
* SkiaGL consumes more memory. It is un-avoidable.
* I and milan agreed to disable SkiaGL if canvas size is more than screen size on low memory device.
* mozCamera's camera preview can not be copied to canvas
* Fix a patch and re-checked in to m-i.

BenWa:
* Discussed the flushing behavior. We have a consensus.
* Looked at getting the webgl uniformity test running without the front end. Turns out --chrome <html> does that.
* Even with the chrome stuff ruled out a tiny bit of JS still triggers GC. The fixed GC overhead feels way too high. (Perhaps there's still chrome stuff loaded)
* Disable the new overdraw test because on windows it randomly fails.

Bas:
* D2D 1.1, one last bug, repeating radial gradients, three ref tests; one mochitest to look at as well
* performance data: tart improves 10%, cart regresses 10%, tsvgx regresses 10%, the others are noise.  no explanation for tart vs. cart difference
* with Matt on tiling on windows, so he can experiment what tiling performance regressions look like with D2D 1.1

Jeff M.
* rotation rewrite reviewed, some failing tests

Jeff G.
* performance with WebGL
* with Terrence on GC topic, see if we can avoid 20ms three consecutive frame spend
* with Sotaro on HERE map
* WebGL compositing bouncing off try, some reftest failures

________________


