Bas:
* D2D1.1; the initial failure in repeating radial gradients cause is unclear

BenWa:
* Wrote a testcase with variable CPU/GPU load: http://people.mozilla.org/~bgirard/webgl-tweak.html
* Chrome can afford to let JS spend a lot more time in rAF then us. They can spend 16ms before the frame drops. We're about 10ms or so.
* Small reviews
* Filed bug 1065233 - We overproduce during DWM throttle

kats:
* mostly continued working on bug 1013385 for checkerboarding. got a patch that is pretty promising, needs some tweaking
* reviews, commenting on bugs and so forth

botond:
  - reviewed Kats' patch for bug 1064840 (sync scrolling visual indicator support for mixed scrollinfo/non-scrollinfo layer)
  - reviewed Kats' patch for bug 1063494 (update sticky and fixed-pos handling code for multi-layer-apz)
  - investigated bug 1065008 (overscroll effect exposes layer behind)
  - on PTO for second half of day



mchang:
* bug 1056340, grooveshark.com crashing on e10s. Unfamiliar with all the code, so just trying to understand what's going on.

Nical:
* My patch for the omtc shutdown deadlock got r+, looks good on try, but unfortunately doesn't fix the reftest timeout with Linux OMTC
* pushed another logging patch to try to see if the timeout happens during the shutdown of XPCOM
* rebased my patch for the tiling crash

sotaro
* HERE Maps killked by oom because of no glFlush()
* checked-in.
* HERE Maps killed when kicking Browser tab
* Created a patch and asking a review.

DanG:
* Reproduced Jukka perf issues on ASUS Transformer.
* Working with Jeff Gilbert and BenWa on investigating perf and what we can do to ameliorate  serialization of CPU/GPU when when have CPU work that's about a frames worth + expensive GPU work.
* Add WPA tracking of VSync info reported by DWM.

Jeff G.
* WebGL performance
* landing WebGL compositing changes

Jeff M.
* rotate rewrite, should be ready to land today

________________


