BenWa:
* Landed bmpDecoder fix
* Turns out that there is a use case of solid color linear gradient. It allows to tint images: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1063195#c5
* WebGL discussions

Nical:
* Bug 1061696 - created a patch, got r+
* Bug 1065470 - deadlock with media decoder, looked at the bug, the video pipeline is blocked on  texture which is synchronously being deallocated on the main thread which seemed to indicate that async-video was off, but sotaro's last comment appears to prove me wrong, need to look more closely.
* landed bug 1041744 (tile allocation failure crash)
* looked at bug 1061693 but it's deep into media code not checking their null pointers so I'll let them deal with it for now.
* Linux OMTC deadlock: not much in the area apart from I now know for sure that it is not happening during shutdown (try push with a bit of log specifically in this part of the code).

DanG:
* DWM_TIMING_INFO isn't returning values for "missing composites" on test machine when increasing the GPU work load. Still reports that composition time is 60fps and 0 missed frames, late frame, etc.

kats:
* was PTO for half of yesterday
* got final patch + tests up for review on bug 1013385 (checkerboarding)
* quick two-line patch for bug 969512
* some investigation on bug 1049251, bug 1062636

botond:
* looked into Fennec regression in handling of fixed-pos layers (bug 1024872)
* has to do with dynamic toolbar
* wrote a patch that attempts to fix it, but isn't quite right, need to talk to :Cwiiis about it
* investigated bug 1065008 a bit more (overscroll stretch exposes layer behind)
* may be issue with compositor-side culling code, rather than Layout

sotaro
* video app killed because of OOM when 20 HD video's are on SD card on flame(271mb)
* canvas was created for each thumbnail generation. gc defers deletion of SurfaceStream. That increase memory usage.
* Only way to release SurfaceStream before gc seems change canvas size.
* gaia side need workaround to it. The bug was passed to b2g media team.

Jeff G:
* compositing WebGL conversations, will continue today
* D3D multi threaded context

Jeff M:
* WebGL discussions
* about to land screen rotation

Bas:
* D2D 1.1 - 1d vs. 2d texture mismatch, some drivers didn't like that, particularly the try machine drivers
* Performance - tart +10%, cart -4%, tsvg +7%, we think we're OK
* D2D 1.1 bug sampler state issue

________________


