DanG:
* WebGL2 - Threw old patches at try which fail with a webidl error. Started looking at why and noticed that there is an updated IDL on the WebGL2 spec page at https://www.khronos.org/registry/webgl/specs/latest/2.0/
* Updated IDL and I'm currently reattaching all the arteries whilst trying to stem the loss of blood.
* Discussed with :BenWa, :jgilbert and :jrmuizel the technical details of 3 options to help eliminate the "blocking in glFinish()" issue with WebGL

kats:
* landed a couple of small patches: bug 1066185, bug 1066262.
* wrote a fix for bug 1053766 (to prevent selection caret flickering) which required another change in bug 1066421, both ready to land now, just waiting on a try push
* doing some investigation in bug 1059832, keyboard app crash on b2g
* tracked down the problem in bug 1066157 with click events in fennec
* closed out a bunch of bugs that are no longer valid or are fixed (bug 1011639, bug 1017065, bug 1047069)

botond:
* continued investigating bug 1024872 (fennec issue with fixed-pos layers / dynamic toolbar)
* website is using top:100% instead of bottom:0 to fix element to bottom
* difficult to support, will treat as 'wontfix', moved to Tech Evangelism
* bug 1065008 (stretch effect exposes layer below)
* confirmed it was a bug in compositor culling, affecting regular async scrolling as well as overscrolling
* wrote fix and reftest, will land today
* reftest is finnicky - would be nicer to test the compositor independently of layout (e.g. in a gtest), providing it with a manually constructed layer tree
* bug 1064401 (disable overscrolling for 2.0) got approval, will land today
* thought more about apz-css-transforms, will begin by changing Axis to operate in screen coordinates (bug 1066259)

sotaro
* HERE Map killed when kick Browser tab
* workaround is limit SkiaGL usage up to display size.
* bkelly argured to check in because of regression of game apps. 
* Checked all popular apps in Firefox Marketplace if the change could cause the performance regression.
* Normal game apps' game screen canvas sizes were smaller than display size. Then, they use SkiaGL after applying the patch.
* checked-in the patch and merged to m-c.

Nical:
* Bug 1060703 - landed the patch (shutdown deadlock)
* Looked at 1061699 - first attempt at fixing it breaks reftests
* played around with using apitrace and renderdoc on windows:
* apitrace only seem to record the compositor, and when I replay it just composites black texture
* renderdoc only capture one frame but I am more interested in what we do across many frames
* looked at switching thebes layer (thick) borders to be the buffer rect rather than the visible rect.

Jeff M:
* WebGL conversations
* D3D11 mutex prototype

Bas:
* D2D1.1 content, following up on some concerns in the review
* will ask for reviews from Jeff and land today

BenWa:
* bug 1066271 Implemented my delay transaction approach based on jgilbert's patch set. Prototype has a few unknowns but the results are good: Seeing a x2 perf boost if-and-only-if I use the right parameters to lock step the cpu/gpu. We can spend 16ms in rAF and maintain 60 FPS (like chrome). Too early to scream victory and would still rather fence on the compositor.

jgilbert:
* Helping with prototyping of async transactions with delay with :benwa.
* I owe :jrmuizel a patch that adds fence/sync points for the recycling phase of buffer use.
* Landing simplification of webgl compositing code, derived from Project Baking patches.
* Reviewing addition of strong GLenum types to webgl code.
* Will land patches for optional D3D11 ANGLE

________________


