DanG
* Preparing patches from Bug 1002302 for landing…
* ... preparation for handing over to :bjacob
* (Somehow my mercurial repo got into a huge mess after leaving Toronto. Took time to read up on evolve extension. I should blog/write-up my work flow. I know Botond also uses evolve. He may have advice on using it, too)

bjacob
* Talked with DanG to organize our work on WebGL2
* Dan's ground work on bug 1002302 must land first. Did a review there.
* Dan's other patches can land next; I can help with some; started looking at texture-related ones.
* Working on remaining texture-related changes.

kats:
* landed bug 1053766 to reduce state change notifications from APZ
* went through list of APZ backlog bugs to see if any could be closed out, did some investigation on a couple of them (bug 1035261, 1009961)
* more investigation on bug 1059832 where the b2g keyboard crashes

botond:
* landed bug 1065008 (stretch effect exposes layer below)
* apz-css-transforms (bug 993525)
* prerequisite - make Axis operate in Screen coordinates (bug 1066259)
* wrote patch, got it reviewed
* tried to construct test case where different layers that scroll together have different transforms

Bas:
* landed the 28 D2D1.1 patches; 9% tart improvement, not really related to D2D1.1, but along the way, no more performance regressions showing up
* one of these patches may be fixing a layers refactoring regression (clip region to internal was using a complex path for simple rectangles) - may want to uplift this
* looked at Matt's sampling restricted drawable patches

Jeff:
* D3D11 acquire/release sync for WebGL (needs ANGLE D3D11); it really slowed things down; Bas & Matt have ideas, will talk next week as well
* regression from the rotation

mchang:
* Was on PTO

Nical:
* Focusing on OMTC+Windows crashiness
* patch for 1061699
* patch for 1061712 (doesn't fix the crash but moves the problem (OOM) to a more meaningful signature)
* playing around with logging texture allocations. Still worried about the amount of gpu OOM…
* reviews
* wrote a patch to use buffer rect instead of visible region in thebes layer borders

sotaro
* Fixed video thumbnail with shear problem..A patch is checked-in to m-i
* related to stride

BenWa:
* Worked on windows webgl pipeling. Fixed the fencing problems. Seem to work in all case. 2x perf gain if-and-only-if CPU time == GPU time

________________


