nical
* landed patches from yesterday
* adding more logging for crashiness D3D11

Bas:
* remaining canvas D2D1.1 bugs

bjacob:
* with Dan on the landing
* WebGL2 conformance tests, bugs and crashes - should be green, as there are few 
* aiming for tonight, but need dom review

Jeff:
* D3D11 mutex performance problem - it's really the ANGLE performance problem
* screenshot b2g regression, should not be difficult to fix

DanG:
* Trying to get Bug 1002302 ready for landing. Fails on try because of int64->double conversion warning being treated as a error on Windows.
* I've asked :bjacob if the WebGL2 spec is going to need work because JS can't represent 64-bit ints.
* Changing from GLuint64 to GLint64 appears to work, for now.
* Still throwing patches against try for testing. Try is so slow!
* Sad to read that JeffM's DX11 patches are slow.
* Will try :BenWa's patches once I get back onto investigating perf, which won't be until Bug 1002302 lands.

kats:
* looked at dependencies of bug 970093 for overlay keyboard to see how we can do it and how much work is required. drs has a old patch that needs rebasing and should be pretty close to what we want
* investigated bug 1009961 which turned out to be falling back to sync scrolling because of the displayport size limitation (restricted to 4096x4096) which we should be able to remove now
* landed bug 1013385 (checkerboarding) on b2g-inbound
* trying to figure out what apz work is needed for bug 1020199 (nested oop iframes)
* had a discussion with botond about CSS transforms

botond:
* apz-css-transforms
* landed Axis refactoring (bug 1066259)
* worked through multi-transform-apz example
* had discussion with kats, thought more about overall approach

mchang:
* bug 1062331 - Trying to manually test for intermittent jank. Has only come up once for a few seconds.
* bug 1056340 - Grooveshark crashes on e10s. It's a bug with large overflow not being clipped. Created a small test case with :tn help.
* Slowly scrubbing through e10s gfx meta bug (993639), found bug 989567 WFM

BenWa:
* Worked with Jeff to debug his contention issue.
* Fixing up my WebGL patch. Hitting some difficulties

sotaro
* Investigated about mp3 playback noise problem.
* stagefright's timestamg assignments are not correct when data does not fill the hole data. stagefright used audio data's timestamp only for a/v sync. But gecko always needs correct audio data's timestamp.

________________


