Bas:
* OMTC crashes - one should be fixed by failing to create canvas too early
* the other - not on trunk, associated with low memory

bjacob:
* WebGL2 with Dan

Jeff:
* screen rotation and effects and screenshot
* D3D11 ANGLE performance

Nical:
* Webgl is busted on android! (why for no tests?) (just tried a bunch of webgl links and it doesn't work (but works on release), haven't filed a bug yet)
* Wrote 3 patches to have surface allocation failure in crash reports (bug 1068613)
* did some OMTC+D3D triage
* a patch for bug  1061713

Dan:
* In Toronto last week, WebGL performance
* WebGL2 handed off to bjacob et al. one Android 4.0 test failing
* Looking at the Android 4.0 test - the test is marked as failing in failing_android.txt. Changing that file doesn't appear to have an affect on the outcome of the test run. Putting logging in to test_webgl_conformance_test_suite.html doesn't appear to produce anything in the logs.
* Trying to change _mochitest.ini to see if that is the answer. If that doesn't work I'm going to flip a table - Compiling and running tests this way is painful. </rant>

Walter:
* trying to land a fresher ANGLE update, last week's was backed out
* Nvidia driver bug on Linux found
* Some Skia patches

Jerry:
* framework for testing performance for Silk
* resampling gives large jank
* more performance measurement data being collected as well

BenWa:
* Landed bug 1056944 (try harder at image layers, for b2g background)
* Updated bug 1063046
* Landed ctor/dtor count profiler
* Posted a patch to fix a use-after-free with the devtools timeline
* Played with standing compositor in gtest. Made some progress. Haven't needed the widget yet

mchang
* Grooveshark.com crashing on e10s (bug 1056340) - Have a WIP patch that clips fixed position elements to the viewport. The test page doesn't crash anymore, but grooveshark.com still crashes.
* Talked with BenWa to get overdraw testing on gaia apps. Will start with homescreen - 1068335
* Spoke with partners who will measure touch resampling with a high speed camera - 1062331
* Small feedback on vsync dispatcher - bug 987529

kats:
* landed patch for bug 1009961 where we fell back to sync scrolling, filed a follow-up (bug 1068056) for investigating why the displayport ended up so large
* resolved 1035261 as WFM after updating and discovering it doesn't happen any more (wasted some time on investigation before that happened)
* looked a bit into scrollbar flickering, bug 1056423 but didn't make much progress. will continue on that today
* will also try to look into APZC leaks, bug 1068268
* spent some time discussing transforms with botond and more time thinking about it and trying stuff last night
* talked to kanru about the nested oop iframe stuff, put comments on bug 1020199

botond:
* apz-css-transforms
* more discussions with :kats and :tn, worked through a number of additional issues
* will enable a layout refactoring (follow-up to multi-layer-apz that will remove a bunch of code paths)
* tried to work with :kgrandon to resolve bug 1062483
* increasing axis lock breakout angle helps but not completely

Sotaro
* Investigated about Sudoku app freeze after unlock screen
* After unlock, adreno driver thought the app's GL context run too long time and set the context to invalid. But the application run GL function after the unlock. AcquireFence is forwarded from SurfaceStream to Compositor. When Compositor wait the AcquireFence complete. But the fence does not complete forever.
* The problem happen because of adreno driver. LG and Qcom continue the investigation by uisng qcom's system.

________________


