Bas:
* 1015683 has Aurora patch that is now on Beta, hoping we can now leave OMTC on Beta

bjacob:
* unblocked, now that Dan has landed part of 1002302
* mochitest related issues in this
* should be able to start landing the rest of Dan's work, starting with texture, will do follow up patches there as well.

Jeff:
* rotation and snapshot passes try, up for review
* Chrome Canary no problem, Chrome shipping yes problem with ANGLE performance

Nical:
* worked on the crashstats patches for Windows+OMTC, Bas finished and landed it
* triaging on Windows+OMTC
* noticed that a lot of OOM have a small uptime and most of them have a stack trace that looks like this: https://crash-stats.mozilla.com/report/index/bce88bc7-8395-43da-9f0e-aaf302140917

DanG:
* Landed part of Bug 1002302 to unblock :bjacob.
* *fingers crossed it sticks*
* Investigate VAO failure.
* Patch cleanup

kats:
* mostly trying to reproduce the APZ shutdown leak (bug 1068268). found a crash issue (bug 1068872) while doing that, but unable to get the leak log in local runs
* still investigating bug 1056423 for flickering scrollbars. pretty sure i know what the problem is, trying to fix now
* also, more discussion with botond about CSS transforms

botond:
* apz-css-transforms
* discussion with Kats where we considered an alternative approach, but it didn't work out
* have WIP patch for stage 1, which fixes most use-cases except for a few corner cases; testing it locally, looking good so far
* discovered an interesting dependency that seems impossible to satisfy properly
* discovered and filed a couple of bugs along the way (bug 1068871, bug 1068961)

mchang:
* Talked with mwu about filtering touch events if the main thread is busy 1069037
* Grooveshark on e10s (1056340) - Found that we were reading past some memory and segfault. Debug builds mostly work, but have a race condition with fixed position divs that sometimes crash. Release builds always crash on fixed position div. 

sotaro
* Mp3 playback noise bug.
* Created patch to fix incorrect timestamp handling. LG confirmed the noise was fixed by the patch.

BenWa:
* Working on the flame glitch failure, got another one
* Working on the ShSurf delay. Fixing up bugs. Still need to deal with scheduling the next delay.
* Added complex shaders to my testcase

________________


