DanG:
* Landed Bug 1048666
* Appears to be sticking.
* Worked on Bug 912196 with :jrmuizel
* Was originally going to hack on ANGLE to allow eglChooseConfig to expose the D3D format of the swap chain, but after investigating, I decided on querying ANGLE for the preferred format for glReadPixels and create the texture that we use in ShSurf using that format. Debugged until ANGLE hit it's "fast path" for glReadPixels.
* We have a bug in alignment calculation where we set alignment of 8 when 4 will suffice. That was the last hurdle after getting the correct format and type.
* Who would have thought that the layout RGB colors in OpenGL, DX9, DX10, and DX11, as :jrmuizel put it, is a complete and utter shit show.

Botond:
*  - bug 1062483 (too easy to unintentionally trigger overscroll effect)
        - wrote proof-of-concept implementation of Kevin's suggestion
          (only allowing overscroll when the angle of the pan is sufficiently
          close to the axis in question) and it seems to be effective
        - need to implement properly to work in the presence of scroll handoff
*  - off Thursday afternoon and Friday; see you all at the workweek!

Bas:
* crash reports follow up
* D3D annotations pushed, get more info on crashes that were missing them
* potential D2D1.1 issue
* trying to reproduce mochitest D2D1.1 failure

kats:
* landed fix for bug 1056423, scrollbars were getting clipped
* landed fix for bug 1068802, clicks where going to the wrong place in some edge cases
* tried to repro bug 977598 (missing repaint in contacts app), closed as WFM. down to two actionable backlog issues, both with assignees
* tried writing a patch for bug 949152 (can't add hidden wifi network in FTU) which annoys me immensely. fixed some stuff but unable to fix it completely
* continuing to try to hunt down the APZ leaks, bug 1068268

mchang
* Tested the current silk branch - seems more janky than master. Have to investigate
* Grooveshark crashing on e10s - Sometimes, even though we clip the viewport, the overflow areas get reset to the fixed-pos element. Still digging. 

Nical:
* Looking at crashstats for D3D11 OMTC stuff
* mostly OOM so far
* some crashes caused by context losses (we handle context loss at the end of frames but not in the middle of rendering)
* a patch to add more log and make HRESULTs print as hexa instead of signed integers.

BenWa:
* Decided to stop supporting format changing for tile layers. We would need to do a lot of work in FrameLayerBuilder to use it properly anyways. New set of failures.
* Working on the transaction delay. Took a bit of time to understand how we schedule paint. Started implementing 'incomplete rendering' which will signal layout to reschedule a view flush.

sotaro
* Help to fix WebRTC camera preview problem.
* webrtc camera preview does not use gralloc now. Created a patch to use gralloc.

jrmuizel:
* Looked into coordinating everything that's need to get D3D11 Keyed Mutex's landable and workable
* ANGLE update - worked with walter to get this done. As far as I can tell this should be landable now
* D3D11 angle - worked with Dan to figure out what to do about the surface format mixup that we have. We have a better understanding of what's going on but it looks like still no correct fix
* D3D11 keyed mutex - came up with a design for how to do this stuff on top of jgilbert's ShSurf patch. I'll probably try to implement it today.

________________


