DanG:
* Texture reviews for :bjacob
* Discussion with :jgilbert re texture formats and OpenGL (and ANGLE)
* Decided the path that I was pursuing for bug 912196 is wrong. Need to talk to :jrmuizel about how to proceed on that one.
* Sort out patches for WebGL2 and uploaded GL symbol wrangling patches for review by :bjacob. If too much, assign some to :jgilbert.
* Investigate what support the new ANGLE :walter checked in gives WRT GL ES3 shader transpilation.

Bas
* OMTC, re-enabled on beta 33
* bugs related, some blacklisting, etc.

Jeff:
* Skia clipping, also clean up our clipping code
* compositors OpenGL usage improvement
* rotation regressions
* WebGL D3D11 performance work



bjacob:
* building from source code for the demo

jgilbert:
* Fix for alpha blending for no-alpha WebGL canvases broke fast WebGL on ANGLE
* I understand the problem and am working on a fix.
* Leaving it un-backed-out for now, since the fix will be landing immediately.
* ShSurf work
* I think I see what I broke in canvas2d rendering, but I cannot reproduce it locally in my b2g emulator
* It looks like it might be easiest to just switch skiaGL to use the new ShSurf stuff instead of SurfStream, instead of stopping half-way through the conversion.
* Patches forthcoming tomorrow
* We want to enable D3D11 ANGLE on non-Intel GPUs (what Chrome does)
* Shumway requests a way to efficiently upload a subrect of a canvas into a WebGL texture

Nical:
* A patch for bug 1072877 which fixes the case where a OOP client sends a memory lock rather than a shmem based one.
* Are we fuzzing non OOP? <- no
* looking at tiled drawtarget test failures. strange webaudio test timing out, I think it's not related to gfx

kats:
* during workweek
* fixed some desktop APZ+tiling issues: bug 1071256, bug 1071367, wrote patch for bug 1072093
* got rolling with pre-req bugs for proper APZ hit testing, bug 973105 and bug 1073024
* bisected regression in bug 1072579
* since workweek
* worked on bug 1043859 to make root scrollbars behave better in the B2G browser
* patch for bug 1064302 (annoying flame sdcard bug)
* patch for bug 1074030 (scrollbars disppear on touch-down)
* patch for bug 1071758 (fennec bug that results in two clicks per tap)
* patch for bug 1070993 (edit call log screen shows blank)
* investigated bug 1063434 (not really a bug?)
* investigating bug 1061142 (touch input not transformed correctly in some cases)

mchang
* From workweek
* 1056340, Grooveshark.com crashing on e10s - fixed and landed
* 1071156 - Raised the compositor thread priority to -4, just b2g
* Worked with BenWa to have a better way to measure compositor performance - 1073545
* Scrolling is worse and more janky with touch resampling + silk, investigating.
* Nexus 4 taps not working in all cases, b2g - 1067461

sotaro
* Checked-in EGLImage binding improvement when TextureHost is shared among CompositableHost on gonk.
* EGLImage binding improvement for tiled layers on gonk. Implementation is almost completed. Fixing tryserver test failure.

________________


