jgilbert:
* Still playing whack-a-bug with the ShSurf stuff
* Also the ANGLE+RGBX stuff
* Gave :dvander a firehose of WebGL compositing info

Bas:
* OMTC on 33
* multi-threaded
* D2D1.1 - mysterious mochitest failure, will "try" again

Jeff:
* rotation bug, on try now, should be ready to go soon
* D3D11 ANGLE, multiple render target questions

Nical:
* OMTC beta stuff, uplifted some patches, watched crashstats, bugzilla, etc.
* spent some more time on the webaudio timeout that blocks TiledDrawTarget on mobile, it is already intermittent, it looks like it's caused by maybe a mixture of the webaudio refactoring and the test not forcing GCs. need to talk to ehsan (since padenot is on holiday for a while). Still puzzled by how this interacts with tiling at all
* reviews
* in particular, the review of the gralloc patch for tiling is taking some time because all of this ha become complex and the patch makes it even more complex. Unfortunately the problem isn't easy either
* I think we can improve this, I'll write down a proposal
* got my secu bug r+ed, will land shortly

kats:
* landed some of the patches from yesterday
* spent a bunch of time figuring out to move onto flame-kk builds which are the new hotness. (in context of bug 1064302)
* put up a patch for bug 1061142 which is kinda ugly and maybe not upliftable, so i might go with a different (clean) approach for master and an even dirtier version for non-master
* still thinking about the right transforms for the scrollbar in the compositor (bug 1043859)

mchang:
* bug 1073545 - Integrate vsync timestamps into the profiler backend + frontend. Our composite times look weird in relation to vsync, investigating.

sotaro
* Tiled layer EGLImage binding improvement on gonk.
* Fixed tryserver test failures. Asking review.
* Reduce Fence::merge() call.
* Just started implementation.

bjacob:
* demo: building, starting, running, a lot of start/stop during this process
* will get an updated source code
* WebGL2 textures: previous block of tangled formats is in review

________________


