BenWa:
* Landed bug 820048
* Reviewed bug 747811
* Helped mconley with UX perf regressions
* Repoducible nightly (or higher) crash 844819
* Wrote a patch for 872033
* Worked on MSBuild generation

Bas:
* Worked on GetThebesSurfaceForDrawTarget - (Discussion on problems with hardware/software)

Jeff:
* B2G debugging. Added some nice genlock debugging
* Tried to get a better theory for the b2g video bug. Found more evidence but nothing conclusive

nical:
* Trouble flashing b2g device

bjacob:
* Trying to get SkiaGL to land on b2g, Reftest problems. Running them locally. But getting a disconnection.
* BGRA is not supported in the android emulator
* Helping <name?> running address sanitiser for WebGL

Guillaume:
* Implement transform feedback :
* transform feedback buffer done
* RASTERIZER_DISCARD done
* need transform feedback objects provideed ARB_transform_feedback2 (natively in OpenGL 4.0)
* Need OpenGL 4.1 on Mac OS X Mavericks to continue that too

________________


Weekly - 2013/04/23
* Performance from FxOS
* Scrolling
* SkiaGL
* Working with Taipei
* Performance tools
* Azure - QC

________________
 B2G: async sub frame scrolling, WebGL improvements, canvas and content rendering (SkiaGL), scrolled content uploading

Fennec: async pan and zoom, canvas rendering (SkiaGL)
Desktop: OMTC, Azure everywhere, async pan and zoom
Other: OMTA, OMTV, OMTP, OMT Canvas
________________


ACTUAL TOPIC SUGGESTIONS


* Goals for the quarter?
   * mobile
* Azure 
   * content rendering:
      * integration on LayerManager level
      * only works on Windows D2D, not working on Quartz, Cairo, Skia, SkiaGL
      * backend specific (rather than platform specific)
      * some minor work for each platform as well
      * should we do Cairo first (3)?  Performance should stay the same, Thebes could be removed at that point.  Yes.
      * Azure Quartz is somewhat usable and doing it makes Cairo work simpler.
      * Let's decide if we want to do a planning and scheduling for this.  Jeff will drive the next step.
   * QC
      * tests (2)
      * documentation/tutorials
   * tests
      * Failing ref tests are extremely easy to fix
      * Already using the re-player, very useful tool
      * This should be done first, with mobile platforms; not sure how the integration works (console output - no, write to a file instead)
      * Can't run reply on the device itself
      * Get this running on all platforms in Bas' user repo (1)
         * With standalone Skia or Cairo builds
         * Bas will drive this.
* SkiaGL
   * need to communicate where we expect to see benefits, and it will always be a tradeoff between what's better and what's worse
   * on the content, it's a bit of a research project, to better understand trade-offs; people in the Madrid meeting agreed with this
   * how do we ramp up bjacob and Kan-Ru
   * not much value in ramping up before Taipei guys show up here
   * would be nice to be able to use the standalone SkiaGL
   * George will come up with a breakdown and the agenda and if too much, pre work
* Performance Tools
   * HTC performance tools (Taipei team)
   * Jed's stuff
   * What do people want and need?
   * If the information is collected, is it actionable.
   * tutorial and a flow chart to follow different approaches to debug and figure out what is going Woodrow - capture them
   * system to record when we have a slow path and why, come up with a reasonable infrastructure to build it BenWa

________________


Weekly - 2013/05/07
________________


Bolter, Eitan - accessibility
B2G modes (global magnification 865804) Any ideas as to how we should do this? It's like a pinch to zoom effect that we're looking for.
Colour inversion (do we plan to do css filters accelerated - July is when it could start).  Maybe custom shader instead, global flag.
What kind of performance are we expecting?  To match the performance of pinch-to-zoom.
Perhaps, video scaling first, then wait for multi aspz controller to hit the final goal. 
________________


Anti-aliasing SkiaGL
Axes aligned blits, complex curves.  We should figure out the AA soon, even before getting it to work, as it may muddle the communication.  This may very well change how we feel about SkiaGL on mobile, before we get everybody too excited.
SkiaGL benchmarks are what is motivating us to go to there; games, which just blit are also the motivation.  May not have a choice, even if path is a complete dud.  Need to communicate clearly the extra work (heuristics for choosing when we use GL, when not).
We want a few test cases, write down the results so that we can see.  Jeff will come up with the tests.
We have considered having hints from the content as to what kind of canvas we want - Google wanted it, Apple didn't, we are happy to have it.  Hints from web authors would help us - specify what they want to do, rather than which renderer. Canvas read back is expensive everywhere, we can drop to software after a few attempts.
________________
 Live thebes

It is resolved; it would always return something, but it may be a copy. There is one scenario where it's a bit complicated, off screen surface, draw window scenario, will get rid of it once we have Moz2D content.  This will impact thumbnailing, but maybe memcpy is not the worst thing. It may cause a (software) SurfaceAllocation() to happen.
________________
 Filters - but what first?

We are interested, have ideas, but what about the order in which we do things?  Do we need Moz2D everywhere first, before we run with things like filters. It doesn't seem like there is a lot of work.  First - Quartz (large) for content; second, Cairo.  Replaying the draw commands already points out some issues with it. Perhaps Nick can be involved here as well (Cairo).  Jeff for Quartz.
________________


Weekly - 2013/05/14
Jeff - WebP, JPEG
* Investigating different ways of measuring the quality so that we can compare apples with apples
* bjacob - blocklist code
* has gotten into a bad shape
* when it blows up, no safety nets - and it has blown up
* we're now afraid to do anything; we're very conservative as to which changes we even attempt
* the new feature added is breaking old code
* downloadable blacklist entries don't have a version number, and there is no good way to fix this - the new solution needs to be "incompatible" so that we don't break
* QA, AMO, all need to understand what is going on.  The process to QA this is not reliable.

SVG filter timing attack, how it affects the upcoming filtering conversation
* the fix - write the code to not be time able - like the fixed function code
* we need to audit all the other filters
* CSS filters - when we start it, we should worry about this to start
* we need to remove the security issues first before we are taken seriously
* can we actually cover all the operations and make them non-timeable, but that will be performance cost associated with this
* large consequences, so even if the risk is small this may still be adding up to an important thing
* what's the breakdown between our code and web security model itself
* timing attacks are a big deal
* let's talk about this in China as well

________________


Weekly - 2013/07/02
Q3 plans (milan)
Graphics:
1. GPU/shader pipeline
  Goal: Land SkiaGL canvas rendering on Android
  Goal: Implement CSS Filters

2. OMT* Goals
  Goal: Complete Off-Main Thread Animation feature & tests - is this CSS as well?
  Goal: Fix bugs 883441, 883433

3. Azure
  Goal: Land Direct2D 1.1 backend
  Goal: Land OS X CoreGraphics backend
  Goal: Land Cairo backend



________________
 Other stuff for Q3, check the list and merge



Layer manager question (nical)
Do we have a layer manager specifically for the content, containing both the chrome and content, not knowing what is what?  Yes we do.  Do we want something different?


Is OMT GDI possible?
Mac is a pain, but is possible.  Markus has fixed it.  Jeff doesn't think GDI would be a problem. Bas doesn't think we should do OMT SW, the rest disagree - in particular, E10S would need it.


GFxInfo
Vlad doesn't like the new xml format - he wants Javascript.  Keybl is the one that doesn't like that.  Maybe we prototype the Vlad way, then go into Keybl way, if necessary.  If it helps us at all?
Do we need regular expressions?


OMTC on the Mac - off or on by default?
Leave it on for now, decide by the next weekly meeting if the default should be off.
________________


Weekly - 2013/07/15 - Rendering
Talking while in a group: there are some e-mail threads (long ones), is there anything actionable.  Reviews, and review load.  Is there too much on one person?  We should grow reviewers and do more people reviewing.  By extension, grow more peers and owners.
Reviewing intent and reviewing implementation could be separated.  Maybe the best use of overwhelmed side is for those to review English, design, etc., and have somebody else actually look at the code.


BenWa's topic on layers heuristics.  We know, from borders and flashing, that we should do better in figuring out what the layers are.  There are some dead obvious issues, but we can probably find more.  Think it's worth spending more time investigating this area more.
1. We need more people that know it - Roc, Matt.
2. Try to make it less clever - more obvious what happens.  KISS, for the general case.
3. Figuring out what to benchmark - need something with scrolling (894128, for example)
4. Then we need to be able to measure, say with scrolling, etc.  It's a bit better with mobile (checkerboard, compositing)
5. "Fix janky scrolling" could be an actionable item on it.
6. It is too complicated to understand and thus make fast.
________________


Weekly - 2013/07/16
Anything longer than two weeks will need the breakdown and estimates.  Design review may not be a bad idea either, perhaps even when it's "obvious".


Moz2D M-C synchronization.
These are not in sync, and that's bad.


Buffer rotation, double buffering, is this a mess we need to deal with now?
It works, but it's fragile?  There are also some bugs that are causing OMTC cases - that's probably broken, but less noticeable on mobile.
Mac is using a different code path than mobile.  Trying to use the Mac code on B2G, it will be slower, because we have gralloc instead.
Tilling is the way to go.  We haven't had time to do this on all targets.  Should switch on desktop.
This is where we need scrolling tests and timing for sure.  Investigate if TP pages are what we want. If we add new tests, there should be somebody responsible for them running. We could actually time one operation within a test.  Or, we make the regressions actionable somehow.  perf expectations files checked into the tree. Get 1A students to compare the tests.


Power of two for the max, viewport size, multiple monitors and the limits that we have.  The whole thing needs a bit of a cleanup.
1. Is it power of two for the max?
2. Is viewport <= max texture?
3. What is the original bug for the 8k-1, so that we don't even need it.


Bas talking about a demo.
Data stealing attack.  Canvas game, light pixel above, session of half an hour, more likely to click on the light pixel.
________________


Weekly - 2013/07/23
GL context multiplexing (bjacob)
* https://etherpad.mozilla.org/glcontext
* * SkiaGL is the main goal for this.  Otherwise, we have too many contexts (e.g., math page, dozen canvases).
* On Unagi, each GL context eats up 750k just on creation.
* How about multiplexing WebGL contexts?  Sort it out with the games team - probably not.
* Are we spending a lot of time on get proc address?
* compile code unit test



SkiaGL vs. CG for OSX canvas (Jeff, George)
* get the tests that we can measure and see
* shumway probably wouldn't benefit from it
* testing for cross platform bugs 
* draw window - is it done through canvas back end and get in trouble?
* first - make it work, then measure it



GL over IPC
* meeting later today
* * ________________



Weekly - 2013/07/30
Vladan & Ehsan at 11:30.
________________
 For stability work week, August 19th.
* GFX Engineering (Vidyo needed; lead: Milan)
   * Blocklisting, graphics card testing (what should QA have?)
   * What kind of analysis can help the GFX team
   * How is GFX team using Socorro, pain points, proposals
   * How to make difficult issues more actionable

BenWa has some requests and ideas on feature requests.


* Radeon Update & Driver Investigation (Vidyo needed; lead: Milan, bsmedberg)
   * 3rd party outreach - how can we be more effective? (MS, NVidia)
   * How much do we investigate before outreach?
   * Radeon Status

________________


B2G work - scrolling, apzc, drawing issues
________________


We don't have integration coverage for layers related performance.


BenWa: performance measuring.  Releng added a mock target so that we can run talos in the tree. Has some bugs, maybe there is an explicit dependency, could be a python package missing.
Avi has been doing some tab performance test.  The bimodal talos test, removing nvidia 3d initialization, the sleep goes away, renders fine, get advice from Nvidia around it.
Jeff wants Tcheckerboard, not on automation, just locally.


bjacob will send a try run, -debug so that we can asserts and see how bad it is.


________________


