BenWa:
* Discussed: 747811, MSBuild, power usage on mobile
* Reviewed: 904335, 810526, 732971, 890280
* Working on copybits failure 901395 (likely dupe of 900029) - Trying to find more about allocation failures
* Got a 1000 upvote response for answering reddit questions http://www.reddit.com/r/firefox/comments/1k9smb/why_does_desktop_firefox_repaint_so_inefficiently/
* With Avi on scrolling
* With Mike C. on Australis

Guillaume:
* Run firefox into the debugger all day to find out what is the problem for 749824
* The copy done in SurfaceStream_TripleBuffer_Copy::SwapProducer works
* Have tracked what is next after SurfaceStream_TripleBuffer_Copy::SwapProducer(), any interesting glClear found.
* Have tried to track all GLContext::fClear : to many because of the composer.
* Any GLContext::fClear done from the WebGL API.
* WebGL extension ANGLE_instanced_arrays on mozilla-central
* GL_VERSION on inbound.

George:
* Gradient patch that fixes our clamping issues has now been reviewed upstream and after some minor modifications I made to it yesterday, they are happy to take it.
* SkFontHost patch has now also been reviewed upstream. I've done some of the alterations they have suggested and will do the remaining ones today then flag it for review upstream
* We discussed in Chapel Hill the moz2d testsuite and we think that we'd like to port the entire philip.html5.org canvas unit tests to moz2d's unit test suite at some point
* I am currently (yesterday and today) setting up a b2g dev environment in preparation for milan throwing b2g bugs my way

Bas:
* Cairo/Moz2D - Woodrow also working on this
* ideas on the canvas unit tests porting to Moz2D unit tests
* ported the type and rect changes from central to Moz2D

bjacob:
* Skia reftest failures were all BGRA issues in the emulator; will figure out how to upstream this to Android

Jeff:
* regions patch building
* video performance on B2G patch - actually makes it work
* B2G crashes

________________


Weekly - 2013/08/13
E10S and sandboxing
Not worried after conversation with Vlad.  Performance trumps security.


Cross process mutex
No new information, the opinion is that there are useful concurrency constructs that can be explored using this, instead of messages through pipes. Plenty of things that could be done better with them.  Elegant data level concurrency.  But, when writing a patch, and when being reviewed, we should ask if there is a need for this shiny thing here, avoiding premature optimizations.  For layers, would use only when don't want extra memory used?




GFxWindowSurface or GFxImageSurface




V-sync
Why is the compositor involved at all? Looping v-blink event through the compositor may not be a good idea. Composition and refresh driving should be separate things. 
________________


Weekly - 2013/08/06
Need to hire somebody - what skills specifically do we feel we can benefit from.
* "Rendering DOM trees"
* OpenGL knowledge low
* Multi-threading knowledge, parallelism
* Experience with multiple platforms, especially when they were differently bad
* Windows experience better covered
* Probably don't need big portion for imagelib
* See if we can find "friends" that would be a good fit



B2G quality issues - we need a solid push for a week or two, just to sort this out and get to a better place.
* Jump on this and focus for the next two weeks
* Cairo Moz2D - is this going to block us - how can we make sure we get that in



Memory allocation page fault overhead outweighing the cost of drawing
* Avoid situations where you allocate memory, write once, never use it again.
* Do we have a way to detect this?  Shows up in the instruments - how?  Kernel, VM fault, but not always?
* There was a recycling patch from Andreas - regressed Talos because of the peak memory going up
* Cautionary word to watch for this in your code and reviewed code



Engineering content at the summit


Testing - what kind of hardware, what kind of testing, what kind of setup do we need to feel confident in the automated tests?
________________


