900133 - we neither returned the fix, nor the preference change on Friday.


Guillaume:
* Fixed and landed a bug on WebGL 2 indexed buffer binding points.
* Add more natively supported extension on WebGL 2 landed
* Landed the WebGL query object's targets refactor
* rebasing patch OES_texture_half_float (no activity since 3 months)
* Is 908449 a regression from 904430? No because 904430 has been landed on mozilla-central after 908449 reported.

BenWa:
* Interviewed candidate
* continued on win surface backed by a Direct3dSurface9 907544
* reviewed profiler patches 810526
* Bas Tribe interview

Bas:
* tracking moz2d content performance regresssion with cairo (pre requisitite for D2D 1.1 work)
* getting ready for tribe

bjacob:
* travelling back
* Android SDK
* reviews

Jeff:
* image compression
* B2G
* D3D9 with Benoit

Nicolas:
* gralloc, patches mostly ready
* frame ordering problem, probably needs a new patch, complicated
* ready to land, green on try
* patch for thread safe and ref counting

George:
* SkiaGL bugs, crash with Flash player on Android, in font host

________________


Weekly - 2013/08/27
Did we resolve media server and genlock contention - no, not sure what to do


Inventory!!! - OMTC, Moz2D, Canvas, Content, what else is different between different platforms?
________________


For D2D1.1, we need Moz2D content everywhere, because we need to inter-op with Cairo otherwise.


Make OMTC on the Mac ship only when it's supported on all versions. This is the goal. 


Camera issues, lifetimes and ownership


________________


