 David:
*  os snapshotting



Bas:
* canvas, simple compositable client, not specific to canvas
* refactoring is green
 
 Andrew:
*  gtk3 reftests, more things down xrender backend
 
 Kyle:
*  disappearing textboxes
 

BenWa:
* Profiler upkeep, backtrack discussion
* Keyboard profiling and discussion. Going towards WONTFIX (from a perf+platform+compositor perspective). Need to re-profile with a OOP keyboard. We might still want to fix this but if its not for performance it changes the implementation.
* Working on culling
* working on a security bug



Nical:
* simplifying the compositing of tiles, and reducing the amount state changes



kats:
* landed bug 1169844
* dealt with a bunch of incoming bugs resulting from :alessar accidentally enabling pointer-events on b2g/fennec as well. made a wiki page for build defines to hopefully reduce the change of this reoccurring
* some more investigation on bug 1169690 but then handed it off to botond
* got a final patch up for review for bug 1162064 (per-widget apz)
* threw up some old patches sitting in my queue on bug 1142380 since they seemed like a good cleanup
* tn is running into issues with containerless-root and we might need to rethink the plan for that



lee:
* investigating bug 1163548, performance issues with background-blend-mode usage



mchang
* Got sanity test add on as a XUL component. Works with force restarts to enable/disable layers
* Investigating menubar disappearing on some machines



mstange:
* debugged bug 1169331 some more (stretched pixel row with basic layers / basic compositor)
* some intern helping + mconley helping + profiler conversations



sotaro
* bug 1162639(getUserMedia loadmetadata problem) QA's check was completed, uplifted to b2g v2.2
* bug 1169093(hwc's video rendering break) Checked-in
* Did feedback and reviews.



jrmuizel
* mostly intern helping
* standalone test case didn't reproduce the swapmode problem. Still mysterious.



________________


