BenWa:
* Refactoring the profiler, getting it to build standalone
* Moving TimeStamp, Stackwalk to mfbt



kats:
* PTO on friday
* on thursday i landed the chaos-mode-per-test patches, bug 1164218, did some more work on fennec-apz patches, looked into bug 1169802 also (turns out mixing the chromium messageloop and the NS_DispatchToMainThread stuff is a bad idea, just like everybody says)



botond:
  - wrote updated fix for bug 1170388 (static analysis bug) that also works with infra's clang 3.3
  - addressed review comments for and landed bug 1169690 (fling acceleration + overscroll handoff)
          - looking into a regression possibly caused by it
  - setting up MozReview development environment, ran into various issues, working through them with gps/mcote
  - working on writing a full-stack APZ test for bug 1151667 (wheel event right after page load targets wrong scrollable frame)



lee:
* working with andrew on fixing up some clipping issues with Skia



mchang
* 1171156 - Added some logging for an os x vsync intermittent
* 1156135 - Menubar disappearing with runtime testing, tracked it down to setting the topmargin to 0.



sotaro
* Bug 1171351(boot animation black drawing on b2g v2.2) Investigated. dup of bug 1156141. ZTE confirmed the fix.
* reviews and feedbacks.



jrmuizel
* Fought the g41 to get it to a bad driver
* Landed some disabling of d3d11 angle when d3d11 angle is disable



Bas:
* Worked on canvas double buffering, will soon measure the performance win we get from it. Need to find a case where the copy dominates the performance
* Using messages in one direction to tell the host which front buffer to use. Using direct shmem manipulation.



Nical:
* (tile work?)
* Focusing on the multi drawtarget stuff
* Helping glandium with sec patch uplift.



kyle:
* Found a piece of code making the text box expiring
* looking at webgl extension



andrew:
* Looking into GTK3 X11 to find our focus issue.
* Fixed scroll simulation on GTK3
* Looking into patch for path replay



mstange:
* Finished patch for rotated buffer basic buffer compositing bug
* Looked into what happens with texture client pool when we switch tabs. No reuse accross tab in e10s



________________


