Nical:
* Windows makes me sad (but unlike the cleaning lady, you have to do Windows :) :)
* investigating tiling zooming issue on the flame
* lots of reviews including the webgl worker stuff
* hey jeff plz review my patch queue :)



Bas:
* shumway test, their problems don't go away with double buffering
* there is some hope for getting some performance improvements with the new architecture, and shumway test does run faster
* https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1167235




Matt:
* sanity tests



Kyle:
* textbox, driver bug, don't know enough for a workaround yet
* security bug to aurora



Jeff:
* is clearview the problem with the above textbook driver bug?
* A8 texture sharing is bad - sharing R8 is fine, on the same systems



Andrew:
* disappearing widget, have a fix
* widget consistency, gtk3 snapshot for tests



mchang
* triage
* 1173617 - tracked caching of titlebar button sizes of first toplevel window
* 1156135 - Tested known bad black screen machine w/ sanity test, debugging issues.
* 1171156 - More logging to test vsync intermittent on snow leopard



lee
* bug 633097 - investigating what seems to be combination of invalidation issues and problems when rebuilding layers for CSS animations



BenWa:
* Slowly getting the standalone profiler patches landable
* Wrote a driver program 'geckoprof' for injecting it. It can profile multiprocess programs like chrome with ease. Some processes fail to save profiles, still debugging that.



mstange:
* trying to get lots of patches ready for landing, did about 5 try pushes before it built successfully
* going to land focus ring fix, canvas filter fixes and more in a few minutes



kats:
* continued working on apz-fennec patches. had to refactor some brittle code
* backed out david parks' e10s patch for breaking something on spark, will probably need to look into that a bit (got an aries device today)



botond:
  - posted two small MozReview patches with changes I needed to get my development environment set up successfully
          - found a mentored bug as my first real bug to work on: bug 1152903
  - looked at the remaining static analysis failure for bug 1158424
          - looks like the clang 3.3 codepath in bug 1170388 is incorrect
              - tried to investigate it more, with little success
          - for now, just worked around the issue by revising patches to avoid tripping the static analysis
          - addressed other review comments and landed
  - reviewed patch for mentored bug 1120683 (APZ matrix applications)
  - addressed review comments for bug 1172648 (full-stack APZ mochitest)
  - began working on addition full-stack APZ mochitests (bug 1173580)



sotaro
* Bug 1173412(Tiles are rendered incorrectly during APZ) Tried to found out easy way to reproduce. Notified it to nical.
* Bug 1171257(recorded video's intermittent pause during playback on Aries) The device records 4k video. 4k video's playback seems maximum of its capability. MediaFormatReader decode videos on demand. There could be a time gap between each video frame demand, it seems to cause decoding delay. Created patches, asking feedback.





________________


