Nical:
* tiling bug
* at first I was convinced it had something to do with the scale factor that accounts to the difference between the low res zoom and the high res one, not sure anymore. tricky business.
* some more work on the DrawTargetTiledMT, which jeff should really review
* reviewing bas's patches



Bas:
* canvas stuff
* tracked bug for white dropdown listboxes. already fixed by something else
* finalize frame stuff. crash sig has practically disappeared



kats:
* lunch with google folks
* investigated bug 1173489 on aries, found the problem and handed off to gaia folks
* did some try pushes for bug 1169756 to narrow down the problem
* finished writing my patches for bug 1055557 hopefully. need to rebase and retest
* fighting with sched to try to schedule something



lee:
* bug 633097 - Did more investigating on where jittery animated text was coming from. It was happening inside Cairo. With basic layers, we are flattening the animated text, which means it passes the animation transform directly to the backend when rendering glyphs. After the glyph positions are transformed by Cairo, they are then snapped. This behavior is also apparently in Skia and CG backends.



mstange:
* landed focus ring patches and a few other ones (e.g. canvas filter fixes)
* rotatedbuffer patch got backed out because of strange Android reftest failures, we've decided to work around it by only applying the clip when we need it (bug 1169331)
* blink lunch



BenWa:
* Looking at performance issue with the new patch. Even tr1::unordered_map is slower than our hash map. For now I'll just punt on that change and land the rest of my queue



sotaro
* bug 1171201(incorrect drawing during FTU tour on aries) aries's hwc is MDP hwc(overlay hwc). MDP hwc hal code does not handle a case that layer has multiple rectangle. Asking feedback to mwu.
* bug 1171257(recorded video playback stop intermittently on aries) Created a new patch and got positive feedback as a short term fix. Updating a patch based on a comment.



jrmuizel
* R8 testing
* * 


________________


