nical:
* fixing canvas stuff
* removing undesired float->int conversions



edwin
* so. many. reviews.
* ended up playing with analysis.telemetry.m.o (very cool stuff) when one of the telemetry guys here noticed some weirdness in crash data. pretty sure it's just an infra thing though.



gw280
* autophone kind of works now! as do mochitests.
* done some reworking of my textureclientpool patch and will post it for review later
* doing some textureclient measurements today to try and find an accurate initial value to seed the pool with



acomminos
* Continued work on Linux window surface consolidation + XCB
* A review



ernest
* got windows build working, fixed ogl failure id showing in about:support for windows default case
* retest dxva->gfxconfig patch passing now, ready to land



lee
* descending layers of fontconfig hell
* reviews



mchang
* fixed rgbx failures
* learning webrender



jnicol
* investigating guardian layerisation



kats:
* turned on touch-action on nightly, it got backed out for test failures, i put up more patches to fix the tests. bug 1029631
* finished up and landed the fennec caret bug (1255555)
* working on bug 1283826, heap buffer overflow in TiledIntRegion. it's turning into a more general "fix all the overflow problems in TiledIntRegion"



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1285239, bug 1281575 (feedback)
  - requested uplift of bug 1275694 (animating offscreen element into view) to 49
  - provided some clarifications on bug 1277327 (video being moved in rAF callback jitters)
  - provided feedback on bug 1283236
  - discussion with Markus about the Layout side of the "clip" work
          - we discovered a regression (bug 1285619) caused by my scrolled clip work; posted patches to fix it
  - discussion with Seth about testing frame visibility
  - helped Randall investigate bug 1284555, looking like a callback transform issue, helped design a workaround
  - investigated bug 1244792 with Markus (Gmail compose box checkerboards)
          - it's a site issue as suspected, but now we know the mechanism by which the problem arises



BenWa:
* Studied the NVIDIA blacklist. Turns out we we're blacklisting < 8.17.11.8265 which is a Win7 Mid 2009 driver. However we're blacklisting people who are on the XP/Vista branch of the driver on Vista+
* Unblacklist NVIDIA >8.15.11.8265, >8.16.11.8265 on Vista+

________________


