jnicol
* investigating 1168347 (android canvas drawimage crash) - think we might be submitting too many draw commands to the driver causing it to crash



acomminos
* Wrote patch to include LSB release data in crash reports
* Continued m3.large intermittent investigations
* Looking into how the use of a separate compositor display increased the frequency of black accelerated popup windows after resize
* Was happening on llvmpipe before, but now seems to happen using intel DRI



ernest
* have a patch somewhat ready for blacklist after device creation, just need to make sure it works on non-windows platforms



nical
* wifi a bit spotty, irc-only today.
* landed some of the conversion stuff, still figuring out issues with the rect-specific patch
* landed some assertions for the ipdl desrialization bug, waiting for crashes to pop
* landed more canvas stuff
* wrote a patch for servo's math lib so that it behaves like gecko's (pre/post transformations, etc.), I haven't submitted the pull request yet



edwin
* some small reviews
* some small tests for 1274624
* 1245747 was backed out. fixing in ANGLE instead at jgilbert's suggestion. will upstream.
* still looking at 1272123.



ashughes
* fixed a scheduling bug in my graphicstriage dashboard
* closed out some old regressions that no longer reproduce
* continued for on GFX features test plan template



sotaro
* Reduce tearing with basic layers on Windows(bug 1259571)
* Update libyuv(bug 1284803): fixed
* Canvas video problem with SkiaGL on android(1250914): fixed



mchang
* dotted border-styles in webrender
* RGBX failures with skia on windows
* vsync try failures with constant interval



lee
* reviews
* layers crash with large coordinates
* Skia rebasing



Jerry
* webgl conformance test
* d2d driver-removed handling



gw280
* Investigating a memory usage regression after tiling landed. Not seeing a perf benefit to offset the regression, but we don't have android results in the talos dashboard. Regression showing a 2-2.5% memory usage increase on OS X 10.10.
* Fixed my js dump() issue on Android. Turned out to be a local issue. Have a patch that ran through try for dumping screenshots and caused a lot of oranges :) I think it's because I added an ok() call in there.



aosmond
* webp integration



BenWa:
* Looking at whitelisting issue
* Showing acceleration status in about:preferences



botond:
  - reviews: bug 1288187, bug 1278009, bug 1287576
  - meetings (internal, project)
  - landed bug 1214151 (position:fixed inside position:sticky)
  - bug 1285619 (fix for regression from my clip refactoring) - addressed review comments and landed
  - scroll-driven animations
          - discussion with :birtles - settled that we need to be able to drive triggering from the compositor
          - posted to www-style about clarifications to animation-trigger proposal



________________


