mstange (going to miss the meeting):


        landed the context menu patches



        got fennec profiling to work, fixed the addon





Bas:


        D2D1.1 blending patch landed



        try on tiling software, decent results, ~10% regressions, though one of them at 40%



        subpixel AA missing in cairo browser chrome (cairo image surfaces issue)





Nical:


        Accidentally added to the main tiling code the same regression that DrawTargetTiled has with respect to the intermittent r14. Now I know what has the effect but not why yet.



        some patches to simplify TiledContentClient (modifying tiles in place rather than copying them around and taking the risk of working on a copy after mutating another copy (Flip/Discard/etc)).



        Still digging into the OMTC tsvgr_opacity regression





kats:


        more parent-process-apz regression fixing/investigating (bug 1129066, bug 1125422, bug 1129526)





mchang


        1129210 - Regression caused by vsync compositor where we disabled vsync in an inappropriate time



        1129632 - Regression caused by touch resampling with zooming in/out



        1129133 - Clean up GeckoTouchDispatcher a bit



        Test the vsync refresh driver some more





sotaro


        Did preparation of next week in Taipei



        Did understanding of EME and created diagrams of EME





BenWa:


        Interview



        Looked at fennec profiling being busted with mstange. DevTools changed their debug protocol socket.



        Looking at low res bugs, we still have correctness issues. Looking into it.





jrmuizel:


        Interview



        Looking at OOM. We got some more data. The bugzilla user can reproduce the problem without MSE. The problem is that we're keeping around/leaking TextureClients.



        Haven't gotten any useful information from BetaBreakers yet



        newer try build doesn't reproduce the problem



________________


