Jeff M.
        restyle performance
        reviews
        OOM follow up; we have solutions to all the problems we know about; uplifted one to Aurora, haven't gone to Beta, will probably stay out of Beta?  We should make an argument for going to Beta/36. 



Bas:
        selection issues
        telemetry probe for TDRs
        write down what happens with the backend selection



kats:
        relanded bug 1131695
        backed out bug 1121871 for causing much OMTA glitchiness but the backout got backed out so we still have the glitchiness. filed a meta bug 1134202 to track all the things because there's too many bugs and their relationships are all messed up
        looking into the C2 failure that caused the backout to get backed out



botond:
  - reviewed patches for Kats (bug 1130982, bug 1119120, others), dzbarsky, dvander
  - addressed review comments for bug 1127066 (root-process widget support for apz), posted new patches, landed
  - finished patches for bug 943537 (modifiers for tap events dispatched by apz), posted them for review
  - posted tentative fix for bug 1131749 (overscroll assertion; couldn't repro but made guess at cause by inspection)
  - iterated on fix for lollipop snprintf werrors (bug 1119980)
  - helping dvander talk through some apz-desktop investigations
  - FYI: MozillaWiki's "Standards" page now has a section about C++: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Standards#C.2B.2B




BenWa:
        Looking in bug 1132741 with kats, going to redo bug 1121871. Misunderstood critical display port
        profiler jit coach discussion
        Culling fix got backed out. The failure was not from v2 but something that landed on trunk. Same test mchang ran into but different failure.
        Catching up on reviews and needinfo
        Working on patch to fix worker profiling



mchang
        bug 1123762 getting backed out because of bug 1133865  and 1133786
        bug 1128165 - expose silk prefs in about:config



Jeff G.:
        core profiles (GL) landed, still stuck, means WebGL2 on OS X should be OK
        Jonas has some issues, investigating



David:
        APZ on try (Windows), few reftests not passing, but for the most part, not a lot of failures (10-15)



sotaro
        media playback dormant
        bug 1133167   checked-in and merged to m-c
        bug 1128357 updated the patch.
        worked for b2g media bugs.





________________


