Bas:


        telemetry for TDRs (including why)





Benwa:


        Culling issues: Relanded which Cwiiis' fix to intersect with the layer' visible region



        Sina OOM: Caused by taking 'FastPath' which doesn't support low res. Got a patch but I want to look at related regressions first.





kats:


        mostly looking into bug 1134202 and all the graphical glitch bugs hanging off it. discussed the fast-path problem with benwa



        reviewed and landed mentored bug 1126290



        rebased patches on bug 1116579





mchang


        1134459 - Regression from refresh driver involving scrolltop



        trying to figure out where the black boxes come from with tiling + vsync refresh driver





sotaro


        Bug 1128357(youtube dormant)  Investigated about re-start playback from  "speed dial". A patch was already created, but youtube site did not call play(). It is caused by consecutive seek drop second seek's "seeking" event. By fixing this the re-start playback problem. This bug's problem was fixed by the patch. But tryserver tests were failed. I am going to investigate about it.



        Start to investigate codeaurora gfx bugs.





jrmuizel


        Discussed and decided on a good approach for FoxEye's needs with roc re: ImageData vs ImageBitmap



        Looked at mstange's stroke clipping patch



        More restyle investigation. Turns out pseudo selectors seem to cause subtree matches. Not sure why









mstange:


        talked to jrmuizel about improving my dashed border patch (bug 1123019)



        got region simplification during layer building patch reviewed (bug 1134311)



        updated my patches for pulling up opaque uniform background colors into container layers (bug 961887), should make us use component alpha less



________________


