jrmuizel
        jgilbert's webgl float readback patch review
        finally figured out what was going on regarding pseudo selectors and subtree matching
        spoke with bas about the KeyedMutex sync timeout issue.



kats:
        filed bug 1135677 for an issue with intersecting rects when XMost() overflows, it prevents us from landing bug 1134762 to fix the glitchiness
        wrote patches for bug 1130455 to rip out a lot of ScrollingBehavior code that we don't need any more



Bas:
        TDR telemetry patch landed



botond:
        bug 1130982 (clipping issue caused by multi-FrameMetrics)
        investigated, have a patch that fixed issue and *almost* avoids regressing a reftest
        bug 1134504 (parent-process-apz regression related to text-overflow:ellipsis)
        some investigation, more needed
        continued helping :dvander get some desktop tests passing



sotaro
        bug 1133426(CompositorChild::Destroy() crash) Landed the fix to m-c.
        Bug 1132528(GrallocReporter::CollectReports crash) Created a patch. Codeaurora started testing the patch. For the time being, the crash did not happen. Codeaurora is still doing testing.
        MSE dormant
        Bug 1128357(youtube dormant problem) Updated a patch. Fixed tryserver failure. Asking a review.
        Bug 1135304(HTMLMediaElement destruct sequence fix) Created a patch and fixed tryserver failure. Asking a review.



BenWa:
        bug 1134762 got backed out. Investigating why. Found that it was due to APZ on the parent process. Started investigating. 
        Posted a patch to get the emulator gdb working (dwarf version mismatch)

________________


