Dan:
        baby sit and profile the GDC build
        was away a couple of days last week
        random bugs
        partner demo slow, draw elements slowness, patch drops it from the profile
        looking at the memory leak



Jeff G.:
        core profiles still landed
        multi sample
        half float will probably need to uplift to 37
        GDC machine in house, have tested builds we have
        demos look good, decent frame rates
        seeing smaller memory leaks (8mb/s), seems to be per frame



David:
        APZ on try, most crashes gone
        subpixel AA left



jrmuizel:
        Looking at webgl brokeness from d3d11. We're not locking when copying. Put up a patch. Try to get a simpler testcase but could not.



BenWa:
        qcms test and bug progress
        UseFastPath fix landed. Thanks kats!
        Bug triage
        We seems to have a lot of 'black box' bugs. I've triage 3 together but I think I've missed some. I've certainly seen more elsewhere.



mooching
        1019840 - Intermittent, really hard to reproduce just waiting on try and trying to reproduce
        1129133 - clean up gecko touch dispatcher



Jerry
        1133865 - check b2g crash after turn on vsync refresh driver by default
        Could not reproduce in local test. Wait for qa's feedback



Bas:
        device reset crash, one more patch for a minimized windows scenario
        RyanVM's bug
        new tab with Flash in it, not initializing - not likely a graphics bug



kats:
        finished patches for bug 990907 (ellipsis handling with apz) and landed them (yay!)
        investigated bug 1134493 (regression from an earlier patch I wrote) and put up a fix
        more work on the fast-path thing with BenWa, need to start duping bugs to it
        writing a patch for bug 1136184 for a more general XMost()-overflowing fix



botond:
        investigating test failures for a mentored bug (995394, splitting BEP.js)
        had a lot of issues running Gaia JS integration tests locally, and then having run them, getting useful logging / debug output of any kind
        close to tracking down problem
        bug 1130982 (clipping issue with multi-FrameMetrics)
        will fix remaining reftest failure by modifiying composition bounds to exclude frame borders (we've been planning to do this since a long time ago in bug 914666)



mstange:
        tried profiling debug crashtests for bug 1125998, hit assertion (bug 1136384)
        landed bug 961887, but it got backed out for a 10.8-only reftest failure



________________


