When do we start worrying about B2G not booting?  Wednesday.


Feb 4
* (side note - we do want to ship tiling on Metro, but let's see how it works out)

Bas:
* FOSDEM; the talk seemed to go well (60+ people)
* Some D3D11 OMTC work

Nicolas:
* FOSDEM
* layers refactoring; looking for a simpler solution for async video

Timothy
* the fixed test now fails on different platform
* no further progress on the crasher

Joe:
* better error handling, a few things to still clear up
* continue with clearing up test failures
* last few implementation details before spinning this in separate threads

George:
* started the reviews for core Skia GL patches
* Meeting with Peter Chang weekly
* SkiaGL first results not faster, but no optimizations have been made yet on our side

Jeff:
* leaking textures in the layers refactoring branch
* tiling is working (but poorly, and not correctly) on Android (thanks Nick!)
* B2G app startup work (source compression)



BenWa:
* Bug 823236: I have a diagnostics patch but can't reproduce the problem :(.
* Bug 788022: Working dalvik profiling
* bug 837460: Refactoring the UI to support MT
* Avih found a bug with gradient memory usage with the tab animation 

bjacob:
* bug 834916 - Some progress on B2G+layers refactoring. It's actually rebooting (which is why i lose GDB connection). It's happening immediately after the first child process has been forked. Talked with dhylands; the symbol to break on is actually __fork ; debugging.
* Some discussion about a CORS video + WebGL testcase. Original bug is INVALID but there is a legit bug there, will file.
* bug 827106 - Linux/Intel sec-critical with bad free(): turning on array index clamping in shaders; requires more recent ANGLE revisions than we have even with last update. (Bug 837214, Bug 837213)
* Fix gfx_features_stats to account for 10x throttling factor for desktop release builds

________________


