Restart  a conversation with AMD.


Feb 7


A foot of snow is coming to Toronto tonight.  Unless it misses us like it did the last time they promised us snow-mageddon.


bjacob
* Worst day in 3 years at mozilla
* bug 838603 - major overnight crasher on all channels, partly my fault: was caused by a downloadable blacklist rule for which I said we didn't need QA
* Though it's so tricky that we could hardly have guessed how to QA it without knowing the bug in advance.
* Fixed now by 1) backing out the blacklist rules and 2) force-enabling GL layers on android
* Aftermath:
* This time we're really going to seriously evaluate the state of our blocklisting infra and I'm advocating redesigning GfxInfo from scratch - bug 838845
* At the very least we know we can't add downloadable blacklist rules for any feature that wasn't present in any Gecko version that is still used by any significant % of users. In the present case: Gecko 16, where the majority of crashes were concentrated.
* Due to persistent state around GfxInfo it may not be safe to add any downloadable blacklist rule at all. Under investigation ; at least we need to understand why the spike of crashes included many users of _current_ Gecko versions and not just Gecko 16.
* Have ideas about what the new design should be; we should discuss this among ourselves while we can :)

Benwa
* Found a problem with the PImageContainer code but I can't confirm that it's THE problem since we get another crash if I run the test with my extra sanity asserts. I will vote to uplift this patch to beta.
* Fixed review comments for bug 788022. Need to discuss if we're going to wait breakpad to reduce conflicts

Bas
* crash stats
* texture coordinate refactoring

Joe:
* looking at the try oranges

Nicolas:
* async video
* refactoring the client side code, trying to remove some dependency
* not on the screen yet

Jeff:
* B2G crash on boot, hoping for the best
* helped with some gradient investigation (not hitting the cache at all)
* more performance optimizations in gradients

George


Timothy
________________


