Streaming buffers merge - bjacob's prediction… - how do we deal with this
Can we survive a performance regression in async video with an extra buffer copy


Feb 20


nrc:
* found and fixed Android mis-rendering
* hunting TODOs and tidying up

bjacob
* worked late into night, so i might miss this daily meeting again today
* gralloc hooked up! but running into assertion in ShadowLayerForwarder::PlatformOpenDescriptor as lock fails the second time it's called, despite a successful unlock in between. Traced down to genlock_lock_buffer failing. looking. If I replace the system (proprietary) libgenlock.so by the one we build, I get much farther, rendering is correct, but eventually I get all sorts of memory corruption around GrallocBufferActor.

Jeff:
* green at midnight, pushed this morning, got backed out; will just repush
* BenWa:
* Teardown
* Slight regression when updating I'm bisecting

Joe:
* cleaning up bugs for the OMT image decoding

Bas:
* reftests now up to 3000 - big surface support related failure
* working on large surfaces D3D11, pushed, reftests now at 4890/9131
* need to compare to vanilla run without OMTC D3D11
* figure out how to keep using Azure with D3D11, patches went bad

Nicolas:
* frames reaching the screen, first one dropped - the poster image would be missing
* need to schedule recomposition
* optimizations - some of them could be regressions on initial landing

Timothy:
* investigating b2g bug with homescreen icons not being drawn
* regression bug with positioning of panels that dev tools has run into

gw280:
 - Getting closer to reproducing the try build failures. Now have a build that's mostly the same as try does. If I can't reproduce it locally by EOD, I'll build on try then debug locally using the binaries built by try (not ideal and very slow, but better than faffing about for days on end).

________________


