1. Let's figure out how to do the streaming buffers patch merge into layers refactoring ourselves. - bjacob, with assistance from Jeff and BenWa (part time)
2. What do we do with all these PGO issues?  They're starting to pile up, and they are very expensive bugs to find and diagnose. - Will leave as individual bugs, and let people decide on their own.
Feb 21


Few people have a few interviews, in person or on Skype today and tomorrow.


gw280:
 * Grabbing the try binaries still didn't result in reproducing the test failures, so I've requested access to the try builder for debugging. This is tracked in bug 843351.
 * Can now reproduce the Win32 build failure locally so can work on fixing that at last.



Nicolas:
* async video working again - argument order, int vs. enum discussion
* when images pushed to compositor...

BenWa:
* Fixed a cycle causing layer manager + all layers to leaks. Watch out when using RefPtr
* Experimented with using git for storing builds similar to OpenOffice

Bas:
* ~90 failures in the ref tests, but no crashes
* VS2012 graphics debugger
* scissor rect < 16bits, should fix some of those ref tests

Timothy:
* images bug, need one more patch for popup panels, ready to land after that
* B2G bug, panel positioning bug

Jeff:
* streaming buffers landed and stuck; same thing at yesterday, shouldn't have been backed out after all

Joe:
* will switch with implementing more of the fundamentals, see if we can get to the light at the end of the tunnel
* rebased on top of Seth's changes, fixed in the process

bjacob:
* still trying to figure genlock. Problem is it believes we have a read-only lock when we only asked explicitly for a readwrite lock. Could be that binding to a texture locks it read-only. looking.
* 2 job interviews
* set up mac for development
* chatted with vlad - we're going to f-ing pass these 1.0.2 webgl tests

________________


