What will the landings look like?  How will we split up the patches?  Who, when?


Where are we on the GTest documentation/examples/etc.?


GLDebug HackWeek next week?  What's the impact on us?  BenWa may be.


Is this a correct statement?  "The include files should only include what they must in order for them to individually compile."
Ignoring the manual labour, this would mean taking each include file, removing all #include directives until it stops compiling on its own, then adding the necessary include files to the C and C++ files that fail compiling because of this change. Look at "include what you use" - talk to Nicolas.


Feb 22


nrc
* y flip for WebGL on GL
* what is going on with EnsureBuffer

BenWa:
* Overhead day :( (meetings, interviews, reviews)
* teardown
* IsValid

Bas:
* reftests: down to 80 failing - max difference 1 for lots of them
* we don't have an approach for accelerating canvas on OMTC D3D11 - will raise the issue (843555)

Nicolas:
* schedule to position on async
* memory leak in image bridge
* shared images in image bridge

Jeff:
* streaming buffers... landed.  again.
* some help in layers refactoring on Android

bjacob:
* layers refactoring runs on Android, but nothing on the screen yet
* assert failure after a minute of running (read-lock/write-lock promotion)
* will need to build a custom libgenlock to log (hoping locks aren't directly acquired in the kernel) - but it may not help
* tricky to figure out and debug

Joe:
* remaining three patches, should now start with the MT code now

________________


