Async pan/zoom - in the Metro iteration starting March 14th?  That is probably too late for us to really test the asynchronousness parts of the layers refactoring.
Dates - what's to do next week?  [layers-refactoring] for everything we need to do, [metro-gfx] for those that need to be done for the deadline.  Or, do we make them just blockers of certain bugs in one case or another?
Regions are sad.


Is somebody asking releng to start graphics branch builds?


nrc:
        Remove PTexture
        Android regressions (you may as well leave this here, it'll save me time every single day :-( )



BenWa:
* Bug 699538 - Landed work around a patch for 'RegisterForAllProcessMouseEvents causes spurious mouse events after crash/gdb dettach'. If you debug on mac set MOZ_DEBUG in your .bash_profile.
* Continuing to debug Shmem, IPC managements

Joe:
* tuning the things for MT image decoding, to deal with low contention
* checking out how to balance on multiple cores
* small issues with some image types, not worried

Jeff:
* Android invalidation
* saddened by our region code - it needs to be more clever - this would be worth investigating after the layers refactoring has landed

bjacob:
* got gralloc working, the patches cleanup then stopped working
* trying to figure out what it was that made a difference

Nicolas:
* fixed a bad memory leak
* async video

Bas:
* content play direct/content host direct - really broken?
* not sure invalidation ever worked in B2G
* does it work accidentally?  is it mixing front and back buffers?
* is it assuming we're always dealing with shmem?  not true on D3D11
* may need to leave it depending on thebes and cairo



George:
* fixed the try failures
* merging with streaming bufferes, then ready to land

________________


