Can we tell the Metro team to start the work on the graphics branch?
Kats & Anthony Jones are looking at pan/zoom, be nice to them.
Reached out to Jeff Gilbert, let's see what comes back.


Bas:
* FOSDEM presentation
* candidate interview
* refactoring, finishing off the texture coordinates
* dev-platform e-mail 
* problem with the graphics branch build?

BenWa:
* bug 835284 all day. Continuing today. Slow but steady progress

bjacob:
* b2g refactoring: still not booting; ran into more b2g issues: 836441, also they are in the middle of a B2G IPC refactoring (826931) so I've been trying the new patches and reporting issues. Also gave my otoro a near-death-experience, got another one.

George:
* cleaning up patches, to be able to push and share the work
* Peter Chang meeting tonight, to find out where we are

Timothy:
* linux skia crasher, digging through assembly
* still chasing the failing test

Nicolas:
* need to rewrite a few things, will talk to Nick & Bas on new protocols
* FOSDEM presentation
* last merge was from Monday, pushed yesterday

Joe:
* animated gifs in the OMT image decoding
* continuing today

Jeff:
* e-mail app on B2G problem, don't think will make it for 1.0
* tiling consultation with BenWa, Australis, pdf.js

________________


